Chronic  coughing  and  sneezing , irritation to the eyes, mucus membranes of the  nose  and  throat , rashes, chronic  fatigue  and persistent headaches can all be symptomatic of black mold exposure or black mold poisoning.   http:// bit.ly/2mSiS7h 
this shit is gettin worse ew next to my hurting  throat  also my  nose  got  runny  
H1N1 symptoms   Cough  Fever   Sore   throat   runny   nose  Body aches  Headache   Fatigue
at least my  sore   throat  (mostly) went away and my  nose  isn't too  runny  but this cough is giving me a six-pack 
I just feel super gross today.  Sore   throat , a little cough, stuffy/ runny   nose  and just general grossness and tiredness.
Had to leave work early. My current sickness took a terrible downturn.  Sore   throat ,  stuffed   nose  to point I can't taste a thing, clogged ears and now running a  fever ....I need all the pamperings right now T-T
Swine  Flu  Symptoms They can include: * Cough *  Fever  *  Sore   throat  * Stuffy or  runny   nose  * Body aches *  Headache  * Chills *  Fatigue
sneezing ,  nose  itching, eyes itching,  throat  itching, eyes watering, heat rash wow this season does not treat me well  https:// twitter.com/thati_aqua/sta tus/938839889902211075  
it's like satan saw i was struggling to finish out this semester and was like here, have a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose  while you're at it lol merry christmas
I feel so damn sick,  nose  is congested, feel like a have a  fever , my  throat  hurts and I keep  coughing  like an old man lol #sos
Do you recognize the  flu ?  Flu  symptoms can include  fever , cough,  sore   throat ,  runny /stuffy  nose , body aches, headaches, chills, and  fatigue . Protect yourself and your family from the  flu  this year. It's not too late to get a  flu  vaccine! #NIVW  #Fightflu   http://www. cdc.gov/flu/about/dise ase/complications.htm   pic.twitter.com/bCAtrykINv
Throat  is hurting,  nose  is running,  headache  trying to end me
A cold is most contagious during the early stages when you have a  runny   nose  and  sore   throat .  http:// bit.ly/2Awjua0   #FluvColdBSol pic.twitter.com/joR6RK0gP0
Symptoms of the  flu  can include  fever , cough,  sore   throat ,  runny /stuffy  nose , body aches, headaches, chills and  fatigue . Some people may also have vomiting and diarrhea. It's not too late to get a  flu  vaccine!  http:// 1.azdhs.gov/2BSbRZj 
Tuesday:  Sore   throat . Wednesday: Sniffles/ runny   nose  and sneezes. Thursday: Dry cough.  Have I got a cold or Craig David lyrics?
When I had the  sore   throat / runny   nose  alka seltzer worked real well! Pepto helped some when I had the  flu  feeling....
When you wake up with a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose
|| Since its chronically i have the usual  coughing ,  sore  and dry  throat , headaches, chest pain, stuffy  nose
Achoo! Your local pharmacist can help you sort out winter nasties like a  runny   nose , scratchy  throat  or cough. #StayWellThisWinter  #Askyourpharmacist  @GM_HSC pic.twitter.com/annY6YUtP9
Started with a  runny   nose , and now this itchy  throat  
Sore   throat  and  runny   nose  please go away!!! 
runny   nose   headache  scratchy  throat
Throat  hurts like a bitch and my  nose   runny .... why tf am I at school
@ homicidols  @ramenshuriken  From Ruruko - Ruru works on  fever ,  throat  and  nose    pic.twitter.com/CiitzwKtUH
how amazing that I also woke up with a  runny   nose  and  sore   throat  
Oh no. Slight  sore   throat . A little cough.  Runny   nose . Goddamnit. Did I contract the con crud? D:
My  throat  is so closed up and my  nose  is and oml i can not breathe and i can not stop  coughing  and im considering staying home because its so bad but i have 2 tests and idk if its worth it but oh my
I felt perfectly fine this morning. Got to my desk and I have a  runny   nose ,  sore   throat , and my eyes feel weird. WTH?!
i have a  sore   throat  and a  runny   nose  i think i'm gonna get sick fcuk
My  throat  hurts soo bad rn and my  nose  is stuffy and  runny  af FML.
Abdominal pain agitation constipation cough diarrhea dry mouth feeling sad  fever  discomfort  headache  heartburn irritability itching joint pain loss of appetite loss of interest weakness muscle aches nausea  runny   nose  shivering drowsiness  sore   throat  stuffy  nose  sweating & MORE!  https:// twitter.com/Mayorteflon/st atus/938734675153080320  
throat  itching & hurting,  headache , running  nose ,  coughing , hot & cold, body aches.   i'm just all fucked up!
my  nose  is  runny  and my  throat  hurts as hell ;(
my  nose  is really  runny  and my  throat  is so dry i hate this
Had  flu  in September and been under par ever since with more or less a permanent  runny   nose  and the odd threat of a  sore   throat . Any tips re supplements that might boost my immunity??? Thank you !  pic.twitter.com/prUkgSigiV
i have a  sore   throat ?? and a  runny   nose  and I'm wearing a boot good day
Banging  headache & sore   throat & runny /blocked  nose  is not what I want to be ill this Christmas. I hope it goes away.
Fucking hate flying. One 2 and a 1/2 hour flight , and 24 hour later I have a  sore   throat  and blocked  nose . Feels like a wonderful cold /  flu  coming on. Awesome.
Woke up with the worst  headache , blocked  nose  and  sore   throat .. really 
sore   throat , swollen glands, stuffy  nose ,  headache ,  coughing ....yeah, id say i was sick....again. ugh
I had a  headache ,  sore   throat , cough, phlegm,  fever , running  nose  and body aches for the past couple of days so yes it's possible
My boyfriends been so sick for the past few days that on FaceTime all I hear is him sounding miserable with a stuffy  nose ,  coughing , and a  sore   throat  that his voice is deeper than usual and all I wanna do is hold him and make him feel better 
I was outside for all of 3-5 minutes and this horrible smokey air fucked me. My eyes won't stop watering, my  nose  is  runny , my  throat  tickles. This is awful.
I literally feel like my cold is creeping up again.. sore   throat , stuffy  nose , achy body, and  sneezing .. Why why why? 
Update: still with a  fever   My infection more evident now, bc my  throat  hurts and I have an itchy  nose  even if it's not really noticeable
ANF therapy for  sore   throat  and cold/ flu  symptoms of  headache , cough and  runny   nose .   Patients  https://www. instagram.com/p/BcY2QxQh1Fj/ 
pretty sure I got it last week. been  coughing  w/ runny   nose  and a  sore   throat  that lasted two days. been looking to see if I still have zinc supplements in the cabinet.
me: has a  runny   nose ,  sore   throat , slight breathing issues me: me: me: im gonna die arent I?
Yung feeling na parang magkakatrangkaso ka... stuffy  nose ,  headache ,  sore   throat ...
Throat  hurts, ear hurts,  nose  is  runny . Fuck. I don't have time to be sick.
This  sore   throat / runny   nose  could go away anytime now 
I was sick before I came to seattle. fortunately no  sore   throat , just  runny   nose  and cough
My  nose  is  runny  my  throat  hurts and my ankle is swelling what a good day
Two thing is hate the most when I'm sick is a  sore   throat  and a  runny   nose  and I have both right now
Sore   throat ,cough, fever ,and  runny   nose  kms 
I hate getting sick   I don't just get a  runny   nose  or a little cough, I have two ear infections in the making my  throat , chest,  nose  are in so much pain. My feet and hands are icicles but my tummy and head are on fire 
feel like i got a  fever , my head hurts, my  nose  is  stuffed , my  throat  is killing. someone buy me canada dry and i'll love you until this shit goes away
Ugh same bro, minus the  runny   nose , but my  throat  has been  sore  since Monday and I woke up with my pajamas all sweat soaked from my  fever  last night and my head has just all over aches, and yeah, I had like a quick like 2 day cold or something like a month ago so what the fuck 
Runny   nose  &  sore   throat  is making me light headed & sleepy but then I gotta go to work. 
i have a stuffy  nose  soar  throat  and a  headache  pls send help
Health update: Recovering... Stuffy  Nose : 75% clear  Sore   Throat : All clear Watery Eyes: All clear Plugged Ears: All clear  Coughing  Fits: 75% clear Head Cold: Approx. 90% clear  Christmas Spirit: 100% Festive!  pic.twitter.com/eg9quBwLiV
They should've closed school yesterday, yo girl dying bc of how the air was yesterday and now I gotta  sore  as  throat   runny   nose  and a  fever  . It's good they canceled school for the rest of the week but kids were suffering these past two days in the valley .
Omg this cold is killing me   One of the worst colds I've had! Non stop  coughing +  Sore   throat  + Stuffy  nose . I didn't even get much sleep last night 
Uhhhh toothache,  runny   nose ,  sore   throat  is my life rn   Plus i have to work tomorrow... Oh Fudge me.
Been waiting outside for someone in Los Angeles for 5 minutes.  Already feel the smoke in my  nose  &  throat  and starting to get a  headache .  This is no joke...
I have gone from insane  throat  pain to non stop  sneezing  and  runny   nose .  Honestly I will take this trade all day long.
You Probably Never Had a Stuff  Nose ,  Sore   Throat  &  Headache  At Once Before, Clearly The Worst Thing In The World Lmaooooo
Tell me about it. I've had allergy-like feelings yesterday and a little today.  Sneezing . Burning  nose . My  throat  feels so dry. I live in the area that's half good/half bad air quality. Maybe we need to start wearing masks?
Have a  sore   throat  and a  runny   nose  again despite being sick 2 months ago already... I am radiating anger rn
Does anybody ever have a cold suddenly? I was doing ok ten minutes ago and now I have a wicked cold. My  nose  is stuffy,  headache ,  sore   throat , body ache. #coldandflu  #WTFmoments  #chroniclife  #Fibromyalgia
Taken some cold and  flu  night nurse tablets for my  throat  and  nose , hopefully it clears up by tomorrow
Got a little dirty cold ugh! If it stays like this w/o progression, I can deal, but it's still annoying as fuck   throat  hurt, stuffy  nose ,  sneezing  ughhhhhhhhh
Last year I got a cold the week before finals and last night I woke up with a  sore   throat  and a  runny   nose . I think I'm allergic to finals.
I'm just wondering why humans get JUST the  flu ? (You know, the sniffling,  runny   nose ,  sore   throat , couch,  sneezing )... Why isn't there viruses or bacteria that makes your arm swell into a huge arm for 3 days?
My skins bad, I've a  runny   nose , my eyes are bloodshot, my  throat  is  sore , I've zero energy, my  https://www. instagram.com/p/BcXzp0GDw2t/ 
My head hurts,  throat  hurts,  nose  is  runny , stomach hurts and I still have a  fever . How lucky am I!!!
Hi hello @Wawa  all morning I thought about getting chicken noodle soup because I'm terribly sick and when I arrived on my lunch break you only had corn soup. My heart is broken. My  throat  is scratchy. And my  nose  is  runny . How could you do this to me?
I have a huge  headache , my  throat  is killing me, and I can't breathe out of my  nose  
Have come down with the dreaded  sore   throat / runny   nose  lurgy! So am enjoying a cup of @ChashTea  lovely Lavender Earl Grey. Very soothing whilst I'm feeling sorry for myself! #tea  #huginamug  #mycomfort  #lavenderearlgrey  #timetoreflect
Since I got home last week, I've had a horrible cough and chest congestion. Went to the dr yesterday and actually felt fine. Then this morning I woke up with  sore   throat ,  runny   nose  and watery eyes. 
Runny   nose ,  sneezing ,  coughing ,  sore   throat  and it won't get better? It could be mold in your home:  http:// goo.gl/HrQwha 
I'm not going out tonight because I'm ill and I've got a  runny   nose  and a dodgy  throat
Cough, scratchy  throat ,  runny   nose , etc. 
Woke up with mild  headache  and puffy eyes.  Now my eyes won't stop running, neither will my  nose .  Headache  is come and go but when it hits it hits hard.  Had a tickle in my  throat  that has become one of those chest rattling coughs.  I'M GONNA DIE.
Saturday:  sore   throat . Sunday:  runny   nose . Monday:  sneezing . Tuesday:  coughing . Wednesday: phlegm. What will Thursday bring? Oh, and #MSB2017  #dressrehearsal  is tomorrow.
Dude I'm pissed. Woke up this morning with a  headache ,  nose   stuffed  up, and a  sore   throat . Hopefully I can get better before Friday he's here. I'm not missing CWL Dallas but what shitty timing to get sick 
Dang it I have a  runny   nose  and my  throat  is itchy uuuugh 
Mikayla and Lily- A highly contagious viral infection of the respiratory passages that causes  fever , severe aching, and catarrh (excessive discharge or buildup of mucus in the  nose  or  throat , associated with inflammation of the mucous membrane ) and often occurring in epidemics.
They really are. I woke up this morning with a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose . #thanksmax  
Drinking some Emergen C Super Orange so I can feel better. Still have a scratchy  throat  and  runny   nose . 
Waking up before finals week congested, with a  runny   nose , migraine, and  sore   throat .  pic.twitter.com/qQ2LiFrPho
Sure and when you have the  flu  it helps to think about your  nose  being free and your  throat  not being  sore . Kills the  flu  right away... NOT
I had the ominous  throat  thing yesterday, took my meds, but  sore   throat  and  runny   nose  today, sigh.
Yeah I've been mainlining vitamin c and woke up this morning with a  runny   nose ,  sore   throat  and cough. It's coming.
How am I supposed to study for finals with an ear infection,  sore   throat ,  headache ,  coughing  and  runny   nose  all at once. Fml
Woke up today with a  runny   nose  and my  throat  is all scratchy.  My toes are currently freezing. And so are my fingers. My desk is by a big window and it's so cold. I need more jackets. :(
# Flu  season is upon us Pike County! Here are common symptoms of the  flu :  fever , cough,  sore   throat ,  runny  or stuffy  nose , muscle aches, headaches,  fatigue .  https://www. cdc.gov/flu/about/dise ase/complications.htm  
Runny   nose  and  sore   throat  sucks... TT_TT
sore   throat , coughs,  runny   nose  &  fever  
 I have...  a  headache  a stuffy  nose  a  runny   nose  a  sore   throat  a  fever  a rash
Stuffed   nose ,  sore   throat ,  headache  and cough. You name it I got it. 
It's Nat'l  Influenza  Vaccination Week. Symptoms of the  flu  can include  fever , cough,  sore   throat ,  runny /stuffy  nose , body aches, headaches, chills and  fatigue . Protect yourself and your family from the  flu  this year. It's not too late to get a  flu  vaccine!  #NIVW   #FightFlu pic.twitter.com/mrBatMNCx9
Woke up with a pounding  headache , running  nose , and a  sore   throat .
I feel so sick.. Like pain all over my body,  throat  is  sore , eyes teary lol I even have a  runny   nose . Unprovoked nje.
my  throat  hurts and my  nose  is  runny ...I just want to be okay at using the elemental punches too
Well  sore   throat , a  runny   nose  and a cold. Typical in Estonia but pretty annoying
I spend the first two hours of my day, everyday, blowing my  nose ,  sneezing  and clearing my  throat . I sound like an old pontoon. In five years I'll be Milhouse.
Ughh  sore   throat ,  stuffed   nose  &  fever .. Back to bed.. Aw-chooo   #WednesdayWisdom
Not feeling at all good today bad  sore   throat   headache   nose  blocked up and  fatigue  bad too go no energy 
Headache  + clogged  nose  + watery eyes +  sore   throat  = 
First my  throat  was inflamed and bleeding. Had chills and hot flashes. Then the migraines. After that  runny   nose  and  sneezing . Then vomiting.
Sore   throat ,  runny   nose  and a lil bit of  headache . Can't my week become any worse??
I've got a really bad chesty cough,  runny   nose ,  headache ,  sore   throat  and was being sick last night   I'm not as bad as last night because the sickness has stopped for now but I'm still lying in bed with my Vicks vapor and painkillers for my achey bones 
My wife (NHS receptionist) is inundated with people calling for a Doctor's appointment just because they have a  runny   nose ,  sore   throat  or stomach ache that's just occured.  It should be common sense but so many people need educating and to not abuse the system.
Sejam lagi. Dengan  sore   throat  dengan  runny   nose  lagi... jangan ganggu kerja aku sudahlah.
I'm still sick and I wanna punch something in the face (mostly myself). I've had the worst  headache  for two days and a  sore   throat  and gagging from sinus drip and a  stuffed   nose  with a lot of pressure Jesus Christ
Yo this is super gross but I feel like my  nose  is supposed to be  runny  and full of snot but just instead of that its all going down my  throat  and glogging it up and its Death
I hate being sick. Waking  up in the middle of the night throwing up, having a  runny   nose , a raw  throat ,  headache  , and having to take care of yourself sucks a lot.
Worst way to start the holiday season; a  sore   throat , a cold, a  sore   nose  and now a bloody  headache  from a noisy school bus. It'd be a bad idea to say that things couldn't possibly get any worse, as they can probably find a way to do so.
i'm so tired all i can do is sleep until i wake up due to not being able to breathe properly ( stuffed   nose  and  throat ) and that only makes my  headache  worse 
YOU THINK IMMA LET THIS  RUNNY   NOSE  AND  SORE   THROAT  STOP ME FROM DOIN WELL ON MY FINALS  Cuz u damn right i will god fucking dammit
Thank you Karin. I still have a  runny   nose  and  sore   throat . I've already gone through a box of tissues and a roll of toilet paper!  I'm going to stay in my room until I feel better. X
Ab is sick  i woke up with a  runny   nose  and scratchy  throat  Smfh put us in rice Jesus
The symptoms of the cold and  flu  are numerous:  fever , chills,  sore   throat ,  runny   nose , body aches, and feeling downright miserable.  https:// buff.ly/2A9zMGs 
Look around, you'd encounter so many dealing wth blocked  nose ,  fever , choked  throat  and watery eyes. You definitely won't wish to be a part of them, right? Here are some easy tips and tricks to be #WinterReady . #WinterSafety  #winteriscoming  #WinterIsHere    http://www. wayronica.com/how-to-keep-yo ur-body-warm-during-winters/   pic.twitter.com/ZhX2jkZwHl
Yikes, my  throat  is raw and my  nose  is killing me and I'm  coughing  so bad
Watery eyes,  runny   nose , itchy  throat ,  fatigue . Please sickness, go away.
Sneezing , running  nose  and scratchy  throat . Did you know how many viruses make this happen?  pic.twitter.com/niwM4AorcE
Runny   nose  and itchy  throat  is annoying asf
Got a  sore   throat ,  runny   nose ,  headache ,  just stared  coughing , and now I think I have  fever . Fml
This  sore   throat /dry cough/ runny   nose  mess needs to go away
i hate being sick it sucks my  nose  is  runny ,my  throat  hurts when I cough,i go from hot to cold in like 2 seconds this terrible  pic.twitter.com/ntCbjv54E3
Cough,  sore   throat ,  runny   nose ,  headache ...
answering calls with a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose , gahd why
Runny   nose , soar  throat ,  headache  & back pain. Kelangan talaga sabay sabay? 
Awe I hope you feel better lovely! Flo sould be here tomorrow for me. She was due today. My  nose  won't stop running & it feels like there is something in the back of my  throat . I keep  coughing  & feel a bit nauseous. It sucks.
Sore   throat . Stuffy  nose . Ear ache.  Headache .   Helllllp 
The  runny   nose  and  sore   throat  are approaching me quickly 
Runny   nose   sore   throat  when its fucking 100 degrees out like fuck off
got a  sore   throat  and a  runny   nose  i;mma zonk out on nyquil come 11ish
Stuffy  nose , burning achy  throat , I take my vitamins, why did ainget this  flu  again  . Just made spicy soup #pepperislife
Fever . Myalgia. Raw  nose .  Sore   throat . Sick.
Sore   throat  and  runny   nose , I didn't want to start December like this  pic.twitter.com/oJJ9xvAGzX
Itchy eyes and  throat , congested  nose ,  sneezing  uncontrollably
<3    :D Doing my bestest! Woke up today with a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose ...time to recycle blood flow.    https:// twitter.com/cyclist451/sta tus/938150216141811712  
I was being extra with this nasty cough and  sore   throat  but now I have a  runny   nose  so now I'm about to be a child
i am literally covered in cuts & bruises, barely can lift my arm up without shooting pain, can't breathe out of my  nose  &  throat  w/o dying, & can't stop  coughing . tough.
Runny  stuffy  nose , scratchy  sore   throat , pretty sure I've had a  fever  and ears hurt. Should probably take my ass to the doctor 
Update: I am now SICK with a semi- sore   throat , a  runny   nose , and a stomach ache!  pic.twitter.com/mvwj2XZ3ug
The symptoms of the cold and  flu  are numerous:  fever , chills,  sore   throat ,  runny   nose , body aches, and feeling downright miserable.  http://www. organicauthority.com/7-cold-and-flu -holistic-remedies-to-stay-well-all-season-long/  
I don't feel too sick. I'm not  coughing , I don't have a  runny   nose  or anything, my  throat  just hurts and it's hard to talk. With the amount of kids in here  coughing  I'm the least of their worries.
This is a microscopic view of a #flu  virus via @NIAIDNews .  Flu  is a contagious respiratory illness caused by  flu  viruses that infect the  nose ,  throat , & sometimes the lungs. #NIVW pic.twitter.com/zQJ0OAbi7N
for my birthday this year I've given myself a hellacious cold, which comes with a  stuffed  up  nose , scratchy AF  throat , and pounding  headache .    pic.twitter.com/lElBfneJEL
Lemsip and hot water bottle tonight  throat  is so  sore   nose   runny  what I don't need is a bloody cold!!!!!

I'm just all messed up    runny /stuffy  nose     throat   sore    Legs  Sore  omg   I wanna cry so bad 
We all want to avoid a  sore   throat ,  runny   nose ,  sneezing  and all of the other things that unfortunately, often come along with winter      Festivities aren't always fun...they can be pretty stressful too and can compromise the immune system. Check out our FB page for recipes!  pic.twitter.com/mriYDg5SSJ
Did you know...The  flu  is a contagious respiratory illness caused by  influenza  viruses that infect the  nose ,  throat , and lungs.  pic.twitter.com/S7ToSzrmdP
Do you have allergies? Know the signs! Some symptoms:  sneezing , stuffy or  runny   nose , itchy and red or watery eyes, headaches,  sore   throat , pressure in your  nose  and cheeks, swelling or dark circles under your eyes and an itchy  nose ,  throat , ears or roof of your mouth.  pic.twitter.com/N8Vk1aHlDA
The  flu  is a contagious respiratory illness caused by  influenza  viruses that infect the  nose ,  throat , and lungs. It can cause mild to severe illness, and at times can lead to death. @CDCgov
The  flu  is a contagious respiratory illness caused by  influenza  viruses that infect the  nose ,  throat , and lungs. It can cause mild to severe illness, and at times can lead to death. #FluFighter  #DontLetFluStopYou https:// twitter.com/CDCFlu/status/ 937684169949409280  
Had to call in sick at work because I woke up with a major  headache ,  sore   throat ,  coughing ,  runny   nose  like whyyyyyyyyy
I've graduated from 'Super  sore   throat ' to 'Really  runny   nose '. I expect to proceed to 'Rough raspy cough' later today or tomorrow. So I feel for ya bud!
I woke up w/ a  sore   throat .  Had diarrhea from morning to lunch.  Experienced dizziness from afternoon til now.  Had overproduction of salivation & heavy eyes during my 3-hours bus ride to home.   Runny   nose  starts. My temperature is also above normal now.  Flu .  Look, I'm dying.
sore   throat  and  runny   nose  
The  sore   throat  is gone, and here comes the  runny   nose   pic.twitter.com/bIkuNqqHeo
Why the hell do i have a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose  again X_X I just had a bad cold 3 weeks ago
RT @Cloverspa : Upgrade your treatments to our Festive Aromatherapy Oil for just 5 and say goodbye to cold and  flu , toxin build up,  sore   throat ,  runny   nose  and chesty cough! #naturist  #spa  #treatments  #aromatherapy  #relax pic.twitter.com/gfArI5eA2G
i handed in my thesis literally yesterday and now i have a  sore   throat , sinus  headache  and sniffly  nose ... please let me LIVE... i am so tired...
having a  runny   nose  and  sore   throat  is the worst
You know it's going to be a long work week when it's your Monday and you wake up with a   sore   throat   stuffed  up sinus and pounding  headache ..
woke up with a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose  so naturally I want to die
This stuffy  nose ,  sore   throat  and  headache  gotta go 
Why is it that the day I want to sleep well, I go to bed at 5AM because my brain is being so active, and I wake up with a worse  sore   throat ,  headache , and stuffy  nose  than the other days of being sick. 
Fever ,  sore   throat , and  runny   nose  kill me
Not feeling good at all, so sick with a  runny   nose ,  sore /scratchy  throat  and a sharp pain on my right side and trying to relax with heating pad 
My  throat  is  sore  but then again it's not idk   then my   nose   stuffed  up and I  have a really bad  headache  
ugh i can already feel a  sore   throat , sinus  headache  and  runny   nose  coming. God damn it.
So after I tweeted about a guy not covering his  nose  yesterday, I wake up throwing up everywhere and have a soar  throat  along with a  runny   nose .
Symptoms of the  flu  can include  fever , cough,  sore   throat ,  runny /stuffy  nose , body aches, headaches, chills and...  http:// fb.me/KHukQZpH 
Upgrade your treatments to our Festive Aromatherapy Oil for just 5 and say goodbye to cold and  flu , toxin build up,  sore   throat ,  runny   nose  and chesty cough! #naturist  #spa  #treatments  #aromatherapy  #relax pic.twitter.com/yO5NU6cRl0
i'm honestly so sick. i have a real bad  headache  and my  throat  hurts so bad and my  nose  is so stuffy. i think im not gonna be able to post a tuesday selfie today. i just got home from school and im in my pj's with tea in my bed and my face does not look ok +
i literally felt the sickness yesterday. it started with a dry  throat  and now i'm@dry  throat ,  coughing ,  runny   nose
Sore   throat ,  runny   nose , back pain, neck stress,  headache , and high body temperature. I blame it on 6.5hrs of flying, 4hrs of PUBG, 4hrs of movie, 3.5hrs of rest/sleep, 2hrs of room cleaning which includes manually washing of clothes, and also the dirty fucking water dispenser.
Nothing like waking up with a  fever ,  headache ,  sore   throat , and stuffy  nose . CHOOSE A FREAKING TEMPERATURE GEORGIA.
Fever    my head hurts, my whole body hurts, my  nose  is bleeding, my  throat  itches, my eyes are so heavy, i feel so weak ...   
The common cold is transmitted by infected airborne droplets or by direct contact with infected secretions. Symptoms of the #commoncold  includes: >  Coughing  >  Sore   throat  >  Sneezing  >  Runny   nose  #HealthInHappiness   #Udaipur  #HealthyLife  #HelathTips  #WinterHacks  #HealthyHacks pic.twitter.com/qmW1jXDjiy
I have woke up with a  sore   throat  and a  runny   nose ... must be exam season
Moms tell u how much they love u but will happily give u there cold/ flu  and let u DIE IN UR SLEEP AT 3AM BC U CANT BREATHE OUT UR  NOSE  AND UR  THROAT  IS BLOCKED
headache  sort  throat  stuffy  nose  again ?! have i not suffered enough
"The  flu  is a contagious respiratory illness that infects the  nose ,  throat , and sometimes the lungs. It can cause mild to severe illness, and at times can lead to death, often by causing a fatal case of pneumonia".   A 20-Year-Old Woman Died From The  Flu   https://www. buzzfeed.com/carolinekee/ar izona-woman-dies-from-flu-day-after-diagnosis   ?
Throat  is  sore  and irritated, cough is terrible,  nose   runny  I can't even go to sleep
Oh ffs, I thought yesterday was the worst day of this cold.. now my  throat  is getting involved - runny   nose , death like cough AND  sore   throat
Nose   runny .  Throat  itchy !!  Dammit
It's the start of sicky season   Who else has a  sore   throat  or  runny   nose  or the coughs? 
I got complete package:-   Stuffy  nose   Sore   throat   Headache   For 2 days I'm officially sick.    but thank God, I'm feeling better now. 
One thing that I really hate when I'm very sick, besides,  runny   nose  and  sore   throat , is the fact that I could never fell asleep 
First my  throat , then my  runny   nose , &now this cough.   FML
I was seriously feeling perfectly fine and BAM!  Runny   nose ,  sore   throat . 
Runny   nose  and  sore   throat . Semua salah @SabrinaFarish . Eh?
Body hurts,  throat  is on fire,  nose  has been bleeding, and  coughing  up crud..... 
Heck yeah, with a  runny   nose  and a  sore   throat     https:// twitter.com/ulisesl13/stat us/937906716649426944  
My  throat  is about to rip itself out, my  nose  is secreting custard that's been out of the fridge for 2 months and I'm lowkey kinda having a  fever .  But here I'm LIVING for the sick glow  pic.twitter.com/5NJpvEeq3H
on to the next stage  sore   throat  >  runny /blocked  nose  > cough.   WHY THANK YOU BODY
currently in bed with a slight  fever  a  sore   throat  and stuffy  nose  being annoyed w life and the wind hbu
 Klear Cold &  Flu  Relief Nasal Spray 50 m   Klear Allergy & Sinus Relief Spray 50 ml   Klear  Sore   Throat  Relief Spray 50 ml   Klear Dry  Nose  Relief Gel 20 ml   Buy Noru Pharma's Product Here:  https:// goo.gl/kBmFXH   .  #Klear  #KlearNasalGel  #NasalGel  #DryNose  #DryNoseRelief pic.twitter.com/fvd2gAbGVg
College students don't forget to keep your vitamin C levels high during these times. Stress from finals weakens your immune system and you can't secure the GPA with a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose
Runny   nose ,  sore   throat , headaches and chills   why ?
I couldn't sleep all night bc I kept  coughing  and stuff and now my  nose  is  runny  and my  throat  itchy and I feel terrible
I HATE BEING SICK OMFG. My  throat  hurts so much and my  nose  is so  runny , like I want it to go away the next day
me right now:  headache , scratchy  throat  and partially clogged  nose   eto ba ang epekto ng sepanx ko sau jaejoong? 
Sore   throat ,  headache ,  coughing  and  runny   nose . My joints ache occasionally but that's unrelated I think
I have just woken up with the worst stomach pain ever,  throat  is  sore  &  nose  is blocked - #Flu
Since last night I've been feeling icky  at fist it was just my face felt weird from slight swelling and my  throat  hurt a tad, but half my  nose  was clogged during the night and when I woke up this morning, I had a  sore   throat , a clogged  nose , and a smol  headache .
Okay but i havent stopped  sneezing , i cant breathe out of my  nose , my  throat  hurts, pop blood vessel in my eye STILL hasnt healed, its finals week, & mother nature is about to pay a visit so basically F. M. L.
I got a  fever , my  throat  hurt, and my  nose  burn
Runny   nose , cough, and  sore   throat ? It could be the  flu , allergies, or a common cold. These are the differences. -  https:// goo.gl/seZBV2 
So my uncle's in a coma, my dad's motorbike was just stolen, I'm on my period, my mocks are going to shit, I've got a cold which comes with the perks of a  sore   throat , a bad  headache , a constant  runny   nose , an annoying cough and an ear ache  And in other news: the weather is good
Me in the throes of mental illness: C'mon bitch you are strong you can do this, we don't ever give up!  Me with a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose : I am ready to end it all.
uh oh, scratchy  throat  and  runny   nose . Come on body, fight off this cold like last month 
Working late to install cabinets with a  headache / fever , not being able to breath through my  nose  and a  sore   throat  
Fever , cough,  headache , chills, earache, stuffy/ runny   nose , and a  sore   throat . Why not throw in some heartburn. Ugh. I need a #TWUG
In the waiting room at the  nose  &  throat  doctor & everyone are  coughing  I hope to God it doesn't get to me cause I'll Kill someone 
my  throat  hurts and my  nose  is  runny ...I just want to be a furry
my day: - sick asf w/ a  sore   throat ,  runny   nose ,  headache , cough, etc. - gets my period - got a papercut - got a bloody  nose  - finished a test that i prolly failed - got a 60%on a test - skipped practice cause i'm sick - have to decide where i'm going to school next year by thurs
NOW IS NOT THE TIME TO GET SICK, that snotty  nose  and  sore   throat  is the tell-tale sign of winter  flu  
it's the first day of dead week and i have a  runny   nose / sore   throat . literally every finals my immune system gives out and i DONT need another excuse to stay home lol helpppp
Just when i thought i was gonna beat getting sick this winter .. the  sore   throat  Nd  runny   nose  starts
I've been sick lately and I can't deal with this!  Runny   nose ,  sore   throat ,  headache , I feel hot/cold, and stomach ache.. is it the  flu  idk
Love #Oscillo  for flu-like symptoms? Then you'll love Coldcalm for  sneezing ,  runny   nose  & minor  sore   throat .  http:// bit.ly/241tRJw  pic.twitter.com/6HgHSwWmDg
And 5 days later, still! Shouldn't I at least have a  runny   nose  or  sore   throat  too? #weirdaf https:// twitter.com/Mikki_90/statu s/935606540526026753  
The  flu  is a contagious respiratory illness caused by  influenza  viruses that infect the  nose ,  throat , and lungs. It can cause mild to severe illness, and at times can lead to death. Find a vaccine near you:  https:// vaccinefinder.org / 
Bollocks, caught some sort of  flu , from scratchy  throat  to  nose  literally dribbling in 4 hours.
at home sick for the first time in a long time  forgot how much having a soar  throat  and  runny   nose  sucks  probably not gonna stream tonight 
I went to bed with a  sore   throat  and woke up a  sore   throat , stuffy  nose ,  headache , and  sore  body 
When your  throat  hurt,  nose  running, and  sneezing    then you see the MFN air on
Runny   nose . Strep  throat . What a way to wake up on a Monday.
A  runny   nose  & a  sore   throat  .. first cold of the winter ... plenty of honey   and lemon   ... !  & Chicken soup .... !
I'm sorry I'm not active today. I am sick.   I have  fever ,  headache ,  sore   throat , hoarse voice and a  runny   nose . 
fjdhhdhdhd im a  coughing  mess cause the dust went up my  nose  and irritated my  throat  that's what I am fjdhhdhdhd
It's been a while since I last had  flu .  I thought the sniffles and hoarse voice were gonna go away over the weekend. Now I have slight  fever , very  sore   throat  and full on  runny   nose . Grrrrr.
Cannot take it my running  nose  +  sore   throat  +  headache  fking hell.
Child aged 2 or 3? Children who get  flu  have the same symptoms as adults  including  fever , chills, aching muscles,  headache , stuffy  nose , dry cough and  sore   throat . It can become serious, so please get the free  flu  nasal spray from your GP today.    https:// goo.gl/4MjLBj  pic.twitter.com/2voAL2QLlG
Child aged 2 or 3? Children who get  flu  have the same symptoms as adults  including  fever , chills, aching muscles,  headache , stuffy  nose , dry cough and  sore   throat . It can become serious, so please get the free  flu  nasal spray from your GP today.    https:// goo.gl/bY2YEB  pic.twitter.com/Jngf6ZEZyH
Child aged 2 or 3? Children who get  flu  have the same symptoms as adults  including  fever , chills, aching muscles,  headache , stuffy  nose , dry cough and  sore   throat . It can become serious, so please get the free  flu  nasal spray from your GP today.    https:// goo.gl/pAzbf2  pic.twitter.com/Syd2SjJuGB
You've got to be fucking kidding me, alllll semester I never got sick. I wake up today with a stuff  nose , sinus  headache , and my  throat  and ears hurt. 
Me, currently drinking hot tea with a  runny   nose  &  sore   throat , remembering one of the kids I nanny for whole heartily coughed in my face last week:  pic.twitter.com/k0OTefRlvC
runny   nose  - itchy  throat  - i wanna die. 
My  nose  is better but now im  coughing  and my  throat  is  sore   . Well, it will go away again.
this is the 3rd time I've had  sore   throat  and a mild  fever  in like a month, month and a half.. but this time I feel worse + got the annoying  headache  and  runny   nose  to go with it x.x
A cold is most contagious during the early stages when you have a  runny   nose  and  sore   throat .  http:// bit.ly/2mVDYmX    #FluDerbyshire
|| Unfortunately he also is suffering from a  fever , blocked  nose  and  sore   throat . Sick buddies!  Has missed her so much. Tackles her to bed.
sore   throat , blocked  nose ,  headache ; great 
i was sick with the stomach  flu  last week now i have  sore   throat  and a stuffy  nose ...great
I have.... a slight  fever  and a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose  and I'm SO SCARED TO GET SICK pls don't dza
Oh boy, woke up with a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose . Just used the Shield spray. We'll see how it works
Headache ,dry cough,dry  throat  and a blocked  nose ....this  flu  is doing the most
Guilty here of getting into a tiz, too! Having a  sore  chest, bunged  nose /ears & cough/ sore   throat  may explain my top of spine #MS  pain as this cold/ flu  has obviously been working on me. #Infection  really is a trigger for symptoms   Good luck with appointment today   xx
Up by myself with a massive  headache , can't breathe out my  nose  and a  sore   throat .....what a life 
Omg. I want to sleep but i can't   geez. Thanks  runny   nose    This cold and  sore   throat  need to go away 
*sigh*  sore   throat . The sign and symptoms saying I'll be  coughing  and have a  runny   nose  tomorrow zzzzz. For a month >.<
I can't sleep. Runnyand congested  nose .  Sneezing .  Sore   throat . Snoring boys. Help. 
Ugh such a  sore   throat , blocked  nose  and rattly chest today!   Hopefully it won't turn into  flu . 30 days post round one #Lemtrada  I can't afford to get ill with basically a non existent immune system at the moment #Campath  #Alemtuzumab  
Headache   sore   throat   sore  ears whole body aches no appetite blocked  nose  yeah think I'm ill 
my  throat  is on fire, my  nose  is running & im  coughing  & yet my stupid ass is here eating frozen pineapple
Sore   throat ,  runny   nose ...   I can see it coming    pic.twitter.com/h4mcwlcBe2
Whoa! I just started feeling shitty out of nowhere. I have a  headache , a scratchy  throat , and a running  nose
Runny   nose  +  Sore   Throat  
yep, definitely sick.   runny   nose ,  sore   throat , chills. don't mind me, i'll just be over here dying.  pic.twitter.com/PtNSBU1Yro
Woke up feeling like shit. I have a  sore   throat , a  headache , my  nose  is running, I can't stop  coughing .
Week 1:  Sore   throat   Week 2: No Voice &  Stuffed   nose  NOW Week 3:  Sneezing ,  headache  &  runny   nose  
Clogged  nose .  Headache . Weird body temperatures; cold on the outside, warm on the inside. Itchy  throat .  Whenever it gets close to the end of the year I always get sick 
Being sick and playing pokemon is the cure. I feel better,  headache  gone.  Nose  still  stuffed  up,  throat  50/50 on being  sore . I had a brust of energy today so getting better. Woo!  pic.twitter.com/wcx17Cdeeq
Hope you feel better soon! Mine just started  sadly  fever ,stuffy  nose , sore   throat  and a cough
my  nose  is like......80% blocked and my  throat  hurts. and ive also got a  headache . and ive got school tomorrow djdjdjfjdh
Lunesss   Runny   nose ,  Headache , Itchy  throat  tpos deadlines 
A small biting whiskey also helps clear out sinuses as well as the  throat . It's a good option for when  coughing  or fighting stuffy  nose  
Runny   nose  + a  sore   throat  is the worst combination :((
Tired of  coughing  ...tired Of my  nose  running tired of my  throat  hurting ...tiredddd of being sickkk
Been having a persistent  sore   throat , which developed into a phlegmy cough, which finally went away last week, only to return again with friends - a  runny  AND blocked  nose .
103.5f  fever , couch, dissy.  Sore   throat , body hurts, and  runny   nose . Wbat a beautiful way to start finals week.
Strep  throat ,  fever ,  nose  bleed and puking all at the same time 
# OpenRp    Rubi was walking alone wearing a hood on her head at night in the city. She was sick with the cold. Her  throat  was dry, her  nose  was  stuffed  up, & she can't stop  sneezing  &  coughing . She went to the pharmacy to get some medicine and some food to make her feel better.
Day 2 of feeling awful. Cough,  sore   throat ,  fever , chills, stuffy  nose , etc etc.. I've had no  https://www. instagram.com/p/BcQvopfgWVA/ 
my head hurts my  throat  hurts my  nose  hurts my body hurts and i'm 97% sure that i have a  fever
guess who is sick as fuck again, i thought this sickness would go away forever but nope i have a badass  fever  and throwing up like crazy, can barely breathe out of my  nose  & mouth. also my  throat  hurts so bad. im in mexico & i have to leave early to go to nyc & see wtf is wrong
I have a  runny   nose ,  sore   throat ,  headache  and probable  fever  right before finals week. NOT RIGHT NOW SATAN.
i feel like shit,  sore   throat  &  runny   nose
I'm tired, I'm cold, my  nose  is running like a professional Olympic sprinter, my  throat  feels like sandpaper, I can't stop  sneezing  and I've got a cough coming.  pic.twitter.com/8LYzIfgmxK
Snifffly  nose   Headache  Swollen  throat   Sore   throat  .....    pic.twitter.com/bUpg5r1NqS
I think it's a sinus infection.  Throat  is  sore ,  nose  running,  headache  and chills. 
Thursday was  sore   throat  Friday was  sore   throat ,  runny   nose ,  sneezing  Saturday was  runny   nose  and  coughing  And today is body aches and  coughing
WAIT YOU SICK TOO??? OMG WHAT KINDOF BOND DO WE SHARE THIS IS CRAZY SCARY  NOT  FEVER  YET THANK GAYGOD BUT I CANT FALL ASLEEP CUZ MY  THROAT  AND  NOSE  HURTS T3T
So done with  headache ,  sore   throat , cough and  nose  bleeding 
It's 36 minutes past one and I'm still struggling to sleep with  sore   throat , head ache,  runny   nose ,  fever  and muscle pain.   Oh, what's happening
my  throat  hurts and my  nose  is  runny ...I just want to be able to play league w me
@ callmedollar  I got a  flu  shot last week, was perfectly fine and feeling great prior to, about an hour later my  nose  was  stuffed ,  sore   throat , cold and everything for the next 3 days! I was hesitant to get one and now I see why!
When your shoppers come in with a  runny   nose  or  sore   throat , share this #hottoddy  recipe with them. They'll remember your help once they feel better. http:// ow.ly/G9lF30gX1aR 
The  flu  train has hit me with full force. I'll never take a fully functioning head,  nose  and  throat  for granted ever again 
nose  is  runny ,  throat  is scratchy, palms are sweaty there's vomit on my sweater already
i woke up with a  headache , an even worse  sore   throat , and a blocked  nose  y'all mind if I die
The cough,  sore   throat +extra  fatigue  I can sort of deal with, but the sinus pain/snot? Gtfo.  I've blown my  nose  more in the past 2 days than the whole of 2017. Seriously.  [Flails]
Sneezing , stuffy  nose , itchy  throat  
my  throat  plus ears hurt.  nose  extremely dry. awful  sneezing  attack in the morning. 2 tablets Rigix down. Still no improvement. my anti allergy is bailing out on me. KIA KARUN
When you wake up with a scratchy  throat  and a  runny   nose , and your study buddy has a nasty ear  https://www. instagram.com/p/BcPwM0kFUOe/ 
Hola amigos! My  headache  is away,  nose  is  stuffed , and when I swallow something or anything touches the back of my mouth (like a cock JK) it makes my  throat  hurt :(
Wow I love waking up to a  headache ,  sore   throat  and a stuffy  nose  this is COOL
I've got the worst cold and my  nose  is leaking like a faulty tap, and it's  sore  because I have to keep wiping/blowing it.  Sore   throat . Tension  headache . Is life really worth living? #EndMe
Runny   nose  , teary eyes ,  sore   throat  . package siaaaa
Been  sneezing  non stop and my  nose  is clogged. In addition to my  sore   throat  that haven't recovered since last week. Full package    pic.twitter.com/qvOmE7XlWU
well for me  coughing  is mostly  throat -tickley type so it helps a lot to avoid the vapor going past my uvula by shutting my mouth and blowing it out my  nose  instead. for a more lung-sensitivity type cough i dunno if it would help
I woke up at 5 again and I feel like shit my  throat  hurts and I got a  runny   nose
Advent is from the Latin word 'advenire' which means 'arrive'. The only thing that arrived today was a  runny   nose  and a  sore   throat . 
this  sore   throat  better be because i accidentally laughed and got a rice noodle stuck in my  nose / throat  and not the freaking  FLU
I. Do. Not. Have. Time. To. Be. Sick.  That means this amazing  headache ,  sore   throat , crazy hurty ears & jaw and beyond congested  nose  can go away now.   #notimetobesick
Im actually not feeling to well now so if I dont feel well when I wake up I probably will watch top 8 on stream and not at the venue( sore   throat , stuffy  nose ,  headache )  I fatigued myself cheering too hard today idk how pereden does it every other week   but I kinda went ham LMAO
Having a massive cold this weekend with a splitting  headache , a  runny   nose  and a red  throat . But at least I can #read  in peace. pic.twitter.com/SgE2GzJ1Kg
i have a  runny   nose  and a  sore   throat  greeeattt
My body is aching, my  throat  hurts, I have a  runny   nose . Omggg
my  throat  hurts so bad from  coughing ...my voice sounds like i have blocked  nose ...hais..
Am getting sick. A cold. I want mentholatum but I don't seem to have it.  Runny   nose , scratchy  throat , achy. Tomorrow is the last non-winter day in the forecast (will be in the 40s!, in MN that isn't cold) and I want to be outside. Sick.
Why of all weekends does my body hate me.  Runny , congested  nose  and  sore   throat ... yippee
Omfg woke up to  fever   sore   throat  and blocked  nose  I'm freezing
I have a  fever ,  runny   nose  and a  sore   throat . GREAT 
Can't breathe it of my  nose ,  throat  is raw, and my chest hurts from  coughing . Oh the joys of winter.
First my parents got it, my mom is a little better but she's still suffering from a mild case of  flu , and my  throat / nose  is all clogged up right now. smh.
My  throat  is feeling funny. And my  nose  is starting to get  runny . Ahh, yes. Just what I need 
When you have 2 birthday parties to go to tonight, but you got a  runny   nose  and  sore   throat . 
My  throat  hurts like shit, i'm deaf and my ears hurt, my knees are bruised, I can't breath through my  nose , i have a massive  headache  but I'm happy and exhausted and it was WORTH IT
Got any  runny   nose  and  sneezing ? Scratchy  throat  could be just general dryness related to allergies but con crud is no fun so I hope it's not hanging on you.
My  nose  is  runny /stuffy, my  throat  hurts, my face hurts, and I'm  sneezing  like nonstop.
I'm getting sick again right at the end of the semester. I hate my dumb luck. I have a  fever , I can barely speak cause of my  throat  and my  nose  is so  runny . Yule Ball finals are coming up. Couldn't I have waited 2 more weeks to get sick.
SOHO classroom was so cold my  throat  is actually hurting and I have a  runny   nose , I actually think I might have gotten sick 
Update it's the stupid  headache ,  runny   nose ,  sore   throat  kind. Doooopppeee  https:// twitter.com/jazzyjaythedj/ status/936660872138596352  
I've got a  sore   throat ,  runny   nose , cough,  headache  and NO  FEVER . I hate it cuz my immune system is not working well  #sickness
Shit i'm sick    sore   throat ,  runny   nose  and  fever  
Runny   nose , scratchy  throat  sneezy and tickly cough uuuuuuggggghhh l did not order this cold. #ivenotimetobepoorly  #stupidcold
Stock up on Coryzalia for next time you have a cold! Coryzalia helps with symptoms such as  runny   nose  and  sore   throat . At only $16, pick some up today!  pic.twitter.com/TKjdjX0Xv8
Had over gorengan, ice cream, sup buah, and chikis this mood-consuming week. Can't sleep since I got  runny   nose  and  sore   throat  this evening. And some tears are following to roll down. Don't know exactly why, just constantly.
In all honesty I think I'm getting sick cause my  throat  and  nose  hurt plus I keep  sneezing
clogged  nose , itchy  throat , a wholeass  fever  smh when will i recover from this hellish situation
You know body, I have just gotten better from my gastric pain yesterday. You dont have to start having a  runny   nose  and  sore   throat  now. It's not a fucking baton run yknow
Eee hey I just inhaled before  sneezing  when eating a taco and the lettuce went to the back of me  throat  then sneezed it out my  nose  xx
Been feeling very sick lately. I don't know what the problem is, I've been  sneezing  and  coughing  a lot, my  nose  is always stuffy and  runny , and my  throat  is soar.
Coughs, sneezes,  runny   nose ,  sore   throat  and an annoying sinus = gggrrrrrrrrrr
I'm sick and tired. Literally. Have a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose  and need sleep.
runny   nose , sore   throat ,  sneezing ,body aches why me? I haven't got anywhere 
Illness symptoms from least to most unpleasant: 1.  Runny   nose  2.  Sore   throat  3. Aching joints 4. Watery shits 5.  pic.twitter.com/VoRlXDoC8w
Lost my voice have a  fever   coughing  like crazy  sore   throat  and  runny   nose . Goodmorning Saturday
I'm getting a  cold. I just woke up with a dry  throat  and lips, a stuffy dry  nose  and a  headache
Right now, it's only been my  throat  and a slight cough. For the past 3 days now. It feels like I'm about to catch a cold, but the other symptoms (congestion,  runny   nose , etc.) just haven't come. Idk what it is 
I have  flu  like symptoms   Sore   throat   runny   nose   fever ...im opening for about 2 hours then I will reopen on...  http:// fb.me/1ptRiKzTB 
I have  flu  symptoms   Sore   throat   runny   nose   fever ...im opening for about 2 hours then I will reopen on monday...  http:// fb.me/2sldCfEKp 
3 days enduring  sore   throat ,  headache , congested  nose  & colds
first a  sore   throat , now a  runny  and blocked  nose .. what's next 
a  fever , blocked  nose , ears, and  throat  (also ears now and all sound is muffled??), upper teeth pain, general body pains, and a few bouts of vomiting here and there - think I described myself more now than I ever do at the doctors 
I'm watching #ImACeleb  #ImACelebrity  again. I'll very likely get on with two or three episodes of #PeakyBlinders  Series 3. My #throat  is less  sore  than #yesterday , but my #nose  is still bunged up and  runny
Tomorrow is the beginning of National  Influenza  Vaccination Week #NIVW . The  flu  is a contagious respiratory illness caused by  influenza  viruses that infect the  nose ,  throat , and lungs. It can cause mild to severe illness, and at times can lead to death.  pic.twitter.com/cKOjl4sWtd
Do you always have a  sore   throat ?  Runny   nose  and itchy eyes got you down? You could be suffering  https://www. instagram.com/p/BcMwlrzhR7v/ 
i'm currently sick too with a  runny   nose  and  sore   throat  
yess girl put it on your night stand next your bed or the babies crib. i love humidifiers when you're sick like that with no  fever . everything gets so dry my  nose ,  throat , lips, and the skin by my  nose . the humidifier releases moisture to the air that helps with the dryness.
woke up with a  fever  and a  stuffed   nose  i feel like a balloon is stuck up my  throat  just why
Feel like a sleep deprived new mum again. Between the child ( nose  bleed,  sore   throat ,  coughing ) and the kitten (meowing, attacking the Christmas tree) I've been awake since 3:30 
Health update: sleep, water and additional food seems to have helped.  Throat  is still a little tingly,  nose  is a little  runny , but I'd say I'm running at 70%. Will get more sleep soon.
I sneezed like 6272722 times today I have a cough soar  throat  and  runny   nose ...this must be what death feels like
i wake up and now my  throat  is  sore  as shit, my  nose  is backed up, and i have a  fever  it feels like... nice.
Name a worse combination than a  sore   throat  and a  runny   nose  when your trying to sleep, ready set..... GO 
i'm so sick i don't know how i'm supposed to sleep when 1. i keep  coughing  and 2. i cant breathe through my  nose  + my  throat  hurts  pic.twitter.com/xTPPMOvXAG
Runny   nose ,  sneezing ,  coughing ,  sore   throat  and it won't get better? It could be mold in your home:  http:// goo.gl/HrQwha 
Better now. Thanks. I still have a  runny   nose  but the  sore   throat  and body soreness is gone. I'm on the mend now
I thought that  because  I don't have cold-like symptoms at all. Such as   sore   throat   or cough  or  runny   nose   . In any case  I need to get a good rest. Maybe  I pushed myself too hard. That's why  It takes time to get well.
When you've got a  sore   throat ,  runny   nose , and migraine, but still look   #GoodGenes   https://www. instagram.com/p/BcL7LqnAdv8/ 
FCK.  scratchy  throat  &  runny   nose
UM, but basically waking up with a heavy mind, a  runny   nose  and a more  sore   throat  is just no fun!!!! i feel fuzzy and not the good kind!
Sore   throat  ,  runny   nose  
Doctor: Are you feeling nauseas? Me: nope D:  runny   nose ? Me: not really D: chills?  Me: no D:  fever ? Me: nope D:  sore   throat ? Me: hmmm just a bit  My body at 2:35 AM: all of the above x500
Ummm    Runny   Nose    Drowsy,  Sore   Throat  Some Real bad Stuff 
I caught a cold when 30 Finfrocks gathered for Thanksgiving. Started with a  sore   throat  and sinus drainage. Then a  runny   nose . Now it's gone to my chest and I am fighting a cough. The good news is that I feel fine. But I sound terrible.
I have a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose , I'm sure this will help.  https:// twitter.com/corridosybanda s/status/936631584085573632  
My  throat  feels like I swallowed sand and my  nose  is a little  runny . I really hope I'm wrong but I think I'm gonna wake up tomorrow morning with a cold
No, no, my  throat  has been hurting all day and now I'm  sneezing  and I have a feeling I won't be able to breathe through my  nose  tomorrow, NO, I CAN'T GET SICK, IT'S NOT A GOOD TIME
Influenza  is a viral infection that attacks your respiratory system  your  nose ,  throat  and lungs.  Influenza ,...  http:// fb.me/FuxxerQy 
my  throat  hurts, my head's spinning, stuffy  nose . aka the  flu  season
Dunno how I coped during child birth cos av got a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose  right now and currently picking my funeral flowers  #biggestpanny
PT had cough but no  sore   throat , no sinus sx pain or pressure just  runny   nose , no fevers. PA did not think abx were warranted but gave because of Mom's statement.
My head hurts, my body hurts, I have a  fever , my  throat  is  sore , and I can't breathe out of my  nose . What have I done to deserve this?!
Just that fast I'm sick  i was ok last night woke up with a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose  smh
The Myths that some NHS staff still believe about the  Influenza  vaccine are demoralising. It protects you against catching (and passing on)  Influenza , not a  runny   nose  and a  sore   throat .  https://www. nhs.uk/Livewell/winte rhealth/Pages/Flu-myths.aspx    
I seriously hope I'm not getting sick again...  throat  is  sore  and  nose  is  runny . I work in retail... so being sick will suck!
was getting to the point where just breathing was causing headaches. burning  throat /eyes every morning,  runny   nose  for hours
Yesterday I said I think I'm getting sick.   Today I wake up with a  sore   throat ,  headache  and stuffy  nose .
This effing head cold has been an adventure this week. Tuesday- sore   throat . Wednesday-stuffy  nose / headache . Thursday- runny   nose . Today - sneezing . Ugh! Go away sickness I don't have time for this shit!
Sore   throat  and a cough and a  runny   nose . Oh no I'm getting sick again.
Anyone else have a  sore   throat ,  runny   nose  and barking cough? It's been a week now. Was in Morocco last Thursday 28 degrees now feels like in Siberia.
Headache ,  coughing ,  sore   throat , running  nose  - for days. Im so over it 
Sick status: Still have a  sore   throat , congestion,  headache , and  runny   nose . Only feel a tiny bit better. #authorproblems  #sick  #cold
nose  hurts  throat  fucking hurts eyes watery  fever   I KNOW I SHOULD SLEEP BUT I KENNAT SLEEP HUHUHUHU HALP.
The following visitor restrictions are now in place at all Guthrie hospitals to prevent the spread of the  flu  this season: -No children under age 12 -Anyone exhibiting the following symptoms within the past 24 hours:  Fever , Cough,  Sore   throat ,  Runny   nose  or Nasal congestion.
Sneezing ,  coughing ,  runny   nose  and  sore   throat . Still I   it's a new day to take advantage of the opportunity to...  http:// fb.me/1WsKolZC1 
Running/stuffy  nose ,  sneezing  and  coughing  I can handle.  But that  sore   throat ...ouchie. 
Been a bit poorly the last few days with  sneezing ,  coughing ,  runny   nose ,  sore   throat  and all that other cold/ flu ...  http:// fb.me/JLzNvfze 
Throat  hurts like hell,  nose  is  runny ... Guess I have the beginnings of a cold -_-
i'm at that stage in a cold where everything on my body is  sore  asf, can't breathe out my  nose ,  throat  hurts from  coughing  all week, and everything sounds muffled so FUCK my life
now my  throat  hurts, I can barely breathe, I am so congested. why can't I just have a  runny   nose  ffs
Headache  plus  runny   nose  plus  sore   throat . Sir absent akooooo
# WorldAidsDay   Between 40  70 percent of AIDS Patients manifest Ear,  Nose ,  Throat  and Neck problems like: Allergic Rhinitis ( sneezing , watery rhinorrhoea and a blocked  nose ), Sinusitis, Hearing loss etc. Get yearly Master ENT Checkup Call: 040-27848166 / 67 #HIV  #BSR_ENT pic.twitter.com/Gx6q4e3WIg
Not to mention last night was sleepless being that I'm stopped up with a  headache  &  runny   nose  & scratchy  throat
fever  +  headache  +  sore   throat  + colds + clogged  nose     SUMABAY PA TALAGA SA EXAMS WEEK : ( ( (
My  throat  is so scratchy and I can't stop  coughing  and I have a  runny   nose    we love harry!!!!!!!!!!
A cold is most contagious during the early stages when you have a  runny   nose  and  sore   throat .  http:// bit.ly/2zz1R9O   #FluvColdBSol pic.twitter.com/WXPQyuGlWU
my  throat  is starting to hurt, my  nose  is starting to get  runny  and my head is starting to hurt ugh fuck me
Sore   throat ,  runny   nose , feverish and enlarged lymph node.   Not a good way to spend my long weekend 
Sore   throat ,  runny   nose , cough - Yea, just the sh't I need before my jolly-holly-cation! FU Winter!
So like,, I might be getting the  flu . Because my  throat  is  sore  and my  nose  is  runny  and also I am really really tired
not only is my  nose  clogged and my  throat  on fire, I have a  headache  24/7 and feel like throwing up everytime I get up
my  nose  is  runny  and my  throat 's a little scratchy, i hope i didn't catch a cold
So, my 8 year old is sick    fever ,  headache ,  sore   throat , cough, stuffy  nose .... I just pray it doesn't turn into pneumonia! She's already had pneumonia and spent 10 days in children's hospital in Boston 2 years ago. They say it's easy to get it again once you've had it sooo
Yoooo me tooo ..  fever , body aches,  sore   throat ,  runny   nose  .. feel like ass 
General  flu  like symptoms,  throat  like I'm swallowing razor blades, no cough no  runny   nose , aches pains and general malaise. Feel extremely ill. Haven't been able to sleep tonight. See how temp is at 6am
Wtf with this  runny   nose  and dry  throat
fyp final presentation tmr and im falling sick hais   someone donate me  sore   throat  and  runny   nose  meds pls 
just got over this stomach  flu  & now i gotta  sore   throat  & stuffy  nose  ... why God why 
It's weird that I have no  sore   throat  after the first day and it's just congestion/ runny   nose  for this cold.
I woke up with a stuffy  nose . Now I have a  runny   nose , head ache, &  sore   throat .
My  throat  is scratched my  nose  is  runny  my voice is GONE i've been  coughing  for days and i can't drink tea bc shit is NASTY  so yeah i'm doing well
Runny   nose   sore   throat   headache  ni sebab ada orang bersin directly kat muka aku ke semalam
sore   throat  make your a tea and put honey in it. Stuffy  nose  use Vick's to put it around your  nose  or on your neck to help.  Fever  lay down and rest, put a damp somewhat cold towel on your head
runny   nose , cough, and  sore   throat  again. 