I have a  headache , running  nose , and a  sore   throat  can I die
Sore   Throat  plus  Runny   Nose . Why now??? 
Just when I though we had avoided it ... Brandon woke up with a  fever  of over 102.  Boo!   Sore   throat , stuffy  nose  ... going to see the dr. later to check up on things!  
Back pain,  sore   throat , cough n  runny   nose     Anunalyf???
My  nose  is clogged, I'm gonna make time pass quick by watching a series cause I feel sick-ish I don't get  flu  for years, but my  throat  and  nose  during winter always get hit 
Oh well... I woke up with the worst soar  throat  and a  runny  af  nose ... Still have to go to work tomorrow... :-)
Cat  flu  is like a human cold  it can cause a  runny   nose  and eyes, and a  sore   throat . If your cat is showing any of these symptoms, please get them to a vet. Find out more and keep your cat safe:  https://www. bluecross.org.uk/pet-advice/cat -flu   pic.twitter.com/TIOMXLnF42
Went to sleep with a bad cough,  runny   nose , soar  throat ,  fever , and body aches but I woke up and i'm all better
Ive experienced, the  headache , the  fever , the  runny   nose , the block nosed, the  fatigue  and now this cold/ flu  wants to add on a  sore   throat ?    pic.twitter.com/Ln9bK3IPkT
Woke up with horribly  sore   throat , stuffy  nose ,  runny  eyes. First and hopefully only, cold of the Winter has arrived.
My gosh  sore   throat ..... coughing  & sick  nose  
Ah! Back to Tala again.  So foggy. So cold. And my  sore   throat  &  runny   nose . What a combination! 
i can't get out of bed and i've only slept 3 hours because i was  coughing  too much + i have a  sore   throat  + its hard to breathe bc i have a really blocked  nose  and i mAY OF BEEN SICK last night
Welp, I had a  sore   throat  since yesterday and I had a  runny   nose  since last night.  That can only mean one thing,  sore   throat  and  runny   nose  = sick.  WHY DO I ALWAYS GET SICK WHY I'M ON BREAKS FROM SCHOOL DUDE
Im sooooo sick! My  throat  hurt and scratchy and my eyes itchy and watery and my  nose   runny  and itchy and stopped up!   Im so annoyed!
OMG.. woke up so sick.. coughing ...stuffy  nose ... headache ... sore   throat ...this is horrible
Exposure causes a burning sensation and tearing of the eyes to the extent that the subject cannot keep their eyes open, and a burning irritation of the  nose , mouth and  throat  mucous membranes causing profuse  coughing , mucous nasal discharge, disorientation,
Alright I feel like shit. My  throat  hurts, I cant breathe through my  nose , I got a  headache  and I got an attitude.. I need to go to sleep.
I thought I was gonna slip past babe being sick, but that didn't happen. I've had a  runny   nose ,  sore   throat , and a  headache  all day
Me: googles symptoms of  runny   nose , cough,  sore   throat  WebMd : *youre dying*
i have a  sore , swollen  throat , a  headache , and a  runny /sneezy  nose , all of which i woke up with this morning and have just been getting steadily worse all day long.  i am super annoyed about it, because i've already DONE my winter sick time.  no fair sticking me with it twice!  pic.twitter.com/gcScNYb4Xt
So I've managed to catch a cold. Light-headed, stuffy/ runny   nose ,  sore   throat , and exhausted, but still quoting memes to my coworkers. That's gotta count for something, right?
A  runny   nose .  A burning feeling in the  throat .  Coughs.  And feel like my head is going to  https://www. instagram.com/p/Be1xDZyjAc4/ 
I'm not :( I have  fever  and my  nose  and  throat  are hurting. What about you
Mainly cough,  sore   throat  and chest pain with  runny   nose
Damn it. Why am I sick once again with a  sore   throat ,  runny   nose , and warm temperature? Again I hate being sick....time to bust out the hand sanitizer to kill germs and drink medicine   pic.twitter.com/Efz7ZEyDNy
When u sick ugh fml bruh head n  throat  killing me n my  runny   nose  and i dont take medicine so Canada Dry is my bestfriend n some halls
Dear Person Who Stole My Water Bottle,   Not only you got a free water bottle and water... you also get my germs too. As I am currently sick with an intense cough,  sore   throat , and a  runny   nose .  with no love,  Mel
The kid bagging my groceries was complaining of a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose ... "I'm gonna need you to step away from my food" #bagginmyowngroceries  #germaphobeprobs  #fluseason
Who got me sick at my own Superbowl party. Running,  nose ,  sore   throat ,  sneezing  my head of,  https://www. instagram.com/p/Be1kVd4F7b8/ 
Snaggle tooth - the toast i have a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose  -  http:// bit.ly/2E6aO8R 
My  nose  is  stuffed , I cant stop  sneezing  and I have a  sore   throat  
I woke up to prepare for school then Dad saw me "as pale as the dead" (siya nagsabi) due to my  fever ,  runny   nose ,  sore   throat , and  headache . Kaya di niya ako pinapasok. So ayun, madami pa naman gagawin sa school. Tas ngayon pa ako minalas. Good luck grades haha
I went from migraines to  sore   throat ,  runny   nose  and  fatigue  
Can't sleep well blocking  nose   fever   sore   throat  damn painful
Day Ten of congested lungs, hacking cough,  stuffed  sinuses,  sore   throat , chronic  headache . I sincerely hope there...  https:// fb.me/YO41N2Op 
It's definitely still cold and  flu  season! If you're managing a stuffy  nose  + watery eyes, you're probably okay for a light workout. But anything chest or  throat  related should keep you at home and RESTING!
nose  is hella  runny  and  throat  is in shambles... i wanna fight
Nooooooo. Beginning to show signs of coming out of my hideous crohn's flare....now have developed the dreaded " runny   nose  and scratchy  throat ". I refuse to be ill. Also work will be apoplectic if I recover from one thing to then be off with something else.   #goawayflu
A Lil #Health  Fact: "Strep doesn't usually cause a cough,  sneezing , or a  runny   nose , so if you have a  sore   throat  and a cough and  runny   nose , then you are much more likely to have a viral illness than strep  throat ."  pic.twitter.com/suQZLzUlsI
Scratchy  throat , blocked  nose , and now a nasty cough. It's official, con  flu  as set in.  It's been a pleasure knowing you all!! #RIP
Made some badass burgers for dinner, and now I have a  fever ,  sore   throat , and stuffy  nose .
Maybe I made a mistake here. But I ran out of DayQuil and woke up with a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose . So I took NyQuil and had lots of espresso to cancel it out. Haha. That should work right?
sore   throat ,  runny   nose ,  fever , aching joints .. :)
You know what sucks. Waking up with a  sore   throat ,  runny   nose ,  headache  and  sore  body. Then being forced to walk to school and showing up late to class and continuing the day getting physically worse knowing that I wont be home for another couple of hours because of rehearsals
I know, I have been sick for the past 2 weeks, there is some sort of  flu  going around and my  nose  is stuffy, my  throat , stomach, and head hurts. So I feel you... :( Hope you start feeling better
Oh yeah update on my health: I still feel like shit with a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose  lol yay!!!!!
headache   muscle pains   sore   throat    coughing    runny   nose   difficulty breathing (because of the coughiiinngg)
My  throat  itches, my  nose  is  runny , I am so fucking tired....weekend was lit
So i have a  fever  ( 37.8 ) and a blocked  nose  ,  sore   throat  , cramps and im absolutely exhausted, yet im dancing
Whats worse than getting swabbed in the  throat  and all up my  nose  for the  flu ? Getting swabbed TWICE because they lost the first ones  #happymonday
|| Ears hurt,  throat  hurts,  nose  running.  Coughing ,  sneezing , burning up with  fever , achey.. tried to call in and instead they text and want me to come in even earlier.
A  headache , stuffy  nose ,  sore   throat .  God fucking damn it.
Sore   throat ,  runny   nose ,  fever , aches and pains? If you're sick, stay home, recover faster and help keep others healthy. For more information, visit  http:// novascotia.ca/flu  pic.twitter.com/zqCOW2Q0h8
Yes! Annoying af im still having a cold rn! Wit  runny   nose ! At least i don't have a  sore   throat ! im happy that ur getting better   #JiminDay  #BestFanArmy  #BTSARMY  #iHeartAwards  @BTS_twt
Sneezing , light headed,  sore   throat ,  coughing , and  runny   nose . Either he got me sick, one of those kids from work, or its bc I didnt wear a jacket Saturday.
I'm tired, vaguely lightheaded, have a  headache , stuffy  nose , and  sore   throat , and my period just started. Happy Monday
At home: Perfectly healthy, nothing wrong at all.  Comes to campus: Within a week gets  sore   throat ,  coughing , infections,  nose  bleeds, and every other sickness possible.
im having struggles with  fever ,  sore   throat ,  flu  and  headache  and now my  nose  keeps bleeding. sakit pale scroll tepun macam! suare rock molek skrg. aaa takbuh wat lembek kalau dok palarat esok dokleh wat mende satu. cannot sleep la tonight. lama dh dk tido lambat hm 
Love #Oscillo  for flu-like symptoms? Then you'll love Coldcalm for  sneezing ,  runny   nose  & minor  sore   throat .  http:// bit.ly/241tRJw  pic.twitter.com/Kea0SGX5Er
I can deal with the stuffy  nose , the  coughing , the  headache , but the weakness/aching,  fever , and  sore   throat  have to go!!!!!  Im such a baby 
Finding non-smoker is actually smthg that I consider a lot bcs I hv an allergy with cigarette's smoke. Not the kind of "eww alergi lah", but an actual allergy. I'll start  sneezing , hv itchy  throat ,  nose  and ears. Unless you can stay out of my radar while you're smoking cool then
Oh my God, I cannot get warm, I have ear pressure, a scratchy  throat  and I can't seem to stop  sneezing  or blowing my  nose !
I swear @AphiaDeMieuxMFC  has don't something to me every time she gets sick so do I I have a  sore   throat  blocked  nose  and a  headache
Mother nature is a bitch not only that my  throat  is a fucking killing me my  nose  is blocked and I constantly keep  coughing  what more could possibly go wrong with me? UGHHH
On and off  headache ,  sore   throat ,  stuffed /bloody  nose ,  coughing  constantly. What a fun day.
I thrived in -3 temperature in Manali while having an ice cream and playing in the snow. However, Chennai heat took its toll. Came back with  fever ,  sore   throat  and a completely blocked  nose . After two days of suffering remembered Maas nuskha.
I'm feeling like a hot mess today... I got a  headache , stuffy  nose ,  sore   throat , stomach ache, feel like I'm going to throw up.     #SICK   #feelinglikeahotmess
I'm doing much better. I haven't had  fever  today. My  nose  is  runny  and  throat  is  sore  but I think I can go to school tomorrow
I hope my  runny   nose  and  sore   throat  is a result of allergies. I really dont want the  flu  :(
As if Mondays weren't bad enough ... you're under attack! The  Flu  Bug targets the lungs,  nose  and  throat . Let's get defensive:  http:// flubug.org  pic.twitter.com/X5gSLbwgiT
I'm so miserable,  sore   throat ,  headache , blocked  nose  and ears....WOW ngiyacisha    pic.twitter.com/rPesMhnxMH
Had a  nose  bleed and my  throat  stings but cant breathe with mouth closed also  coughing  in my sleep.  I need help.
I still have that stuffy and  runny   nose  but no more  sore   throat . #day8  hoping for full recovery tomorrow.
Woke up with the stuffiest  nose , sorest  throat , and cant stop  sneezing  
Can cope with  headache  and  sore   throat  just not my  nose  haha #joinin247
Soar  throat  +  runny   nose
my  throat  is  sore , im  coughing  so much, and my  nose  wont stop bleeding,,,,,, gr8 !!!! i love my life!!!!!!
A transplant for travis - metro spirit remedies for  sore   throat  and  runny   nose  -  http:// bit.ly/2sbqsOF 
Headache , Running  nose , sour  throat , weakness and what not. #sick  
Sore   throat  and  runny   nose  wag ngayon please. Layuan niyoko! Wag ngayon. 
I cant feel my face & unlike The Weeknd, I dont love it   my  nose  is clogged My  throat  hurts My eyes are itchy and have goo   Headache      Nasal sprays, Neti pot, antibiotic eye drops,  throat  lozenges     I dont even think my brain is getting enough O2
A  runny   nose , cough,  sore   throat  and  fever  -- all symptoms that medical experts say are shared by the  flu  virus...  https:// fb.me/IaLofRot 
and now here i am struggling with  runny   nose  and  sore   throat . asgxbfgsbfbsgdnsjdheudbs what did i even do to deserve these.
Im home alone, Ive got a  sore   throat    My  nose  is  runny . I just want a magnum ice cream or something, with some chicken licken or something   or some chili prawn pasta with some Parmesan and a bit of cream. Mxm mxm mxm
Nothing worse that a  runny   nose  and a  sore   throat
So my  throat  and  runny   nose  is better but this  flu  progressed and feels slightly like asthma. I haven't had an attack since my final O' Level exams (2016 Nov.) How the universe gone do me like this???  pic.twitter.com/Jnnm5digkc
Throat  tickle.  Runny   nose .  Coughing .  Sneezing . Aches. Cant sleep.   Fuck. Im gonna wake up sick.
i seem to already be getting over my sickness,  nose  is operating normally (even if i am  sneezing  a bunch, but it's not overly stuffy or dry), head and  throat  aren't hurting as much
Sore   throat , sinuses,  coughing , running  nose ..  headache  af..   I feel like I am dyiiiiiing
Sore   throat , blocked  nose  &  headache  
@ weareoneEXO   Sore   throat , dry cough and  runny   nose ! I really hate these feeling!  "Get well soon self!" "Thank you self!"  Whahahahaha   #EXO  #EXOL  #BestFanArmy  #iHeartAwards  BALANCE
Im full of a cough cold.  Sore   throat , blocked and  runny   nose , nasty cough and really tired. Send help. Xx
can i stop being sick? I literally slept 3 hours bc i couldnt breath through my  nose  and now i have a  headache  and a  sore   throat  
Stuffy  nose ,  sore   throat ,  headache  aaaand ears popping. #IHateThis  
I go from  sore   throat  to  runny   nose  to sinus congestion and blowing my  nose  all the time  The Midwest is sick
Woke up this morning with a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose . Today is not my day.
I can tell that a really bad  flu  is coming. My face is all red, my  nose  itches and  runny , my  throat  hurts and my eyes watery (bcs i cried. I miss my mom so bad)
Going to sleep with a  stuffed   nose ,  sore   throat , and a  fever ? I might as well fucking die
When you already have a  sore   throat , are  stuffed  up and have a  headache , crying like I just cried through @NBCThisisUs  is very painful. #emotionoverload
Monday started with  sore   throat ,  runny   nose  and what not - hoping to get better soon..& work#indianyoutuber  . . . . . #aditystyle  #whattowear   #graphictshirt  #outfitgoals  #fashion  #style  #styleblogger  #stylish  #lifestyle  #lifestyleblogger  #photoofth   http:// ift.tt/2DXLh1h  pic.twitter.com/0pQ0FwKEXq
Runny   nose ?  Sore   throat ? No.... please no 
COOKIE NAE CHILDEU ! ! !  !  !  i woke up with an icky  sore   throat  +  runny   nose  so ,,,
in other news i took 24hr antihistamine this morning because i woke up with a  runny   nose  and then later in the day thought about taking cold medichine so it didn't drain down my  throat  again and instead looked up how much was too much and will now go to bed cold medicine-less.
headache  ona 1000,  nose  stuffy,  throat  sore  im just all fucked up..
On Thursday, I started to feel an itch on the back of my  throat . By Friday, I was congested with a cough and body aches. Waking up Saturday was the worst with a  fever  and stuffy  nose  I couldn't breath and breathing through my mouth hurt because of my  sore   throat .
my kink is having ear pain a  headache  a  runny   nose  a stomach ache a cough AND a  sore   throat  all at once 
body:  sore   throat  body:  runny   nose  body:  sore  from ballet body: starts period work: hey can you come to this 2 hour meeting tomorrow that lasts until 6 pm? me:  pic.twitter.com/dyLIuUyb9E
When your full of cold and you have those people that make you feel bad for  coughing  or sniffling   Go away with your unblocked  nose  and clear  throat  u selfish shit x
Out of the paracetamol, phenylephrine and caffeine in these cold &  flu  capsules, Im pretty sure caffeine is the only thing that works because now Ive still got a blocked  nose  and  sore   throat  but am wide awake and cant sleep! 
I think Im getting sick AGAIN. All the signs are there, scratchy  throat ,  runny  and  stuffed   nose , slight aches.   Send healing vibes please. 
Having  runny   nose  issues along with  sneezing  alot and slight  sore   throat  :(
Just realized that  coughing  is your bodys way of scratching its own  throat ... and  sneezing  is its way to scratch its own  nose  
Good...afternoon? But my morning. I woke up  coughing  and gagging and now Im just sitting in front of my toilet waiting. My  throat  still hurts like a motherfucker. My  nose  feels ok.
Im literally starting to think that the chemtrails are the  flu  virus. Cause i caught this shit outside. I literally felt my  nose  and  throat  become sensitive moments after just standing outside
Headache / fever ,  stuffed   nose , and a  sore   throat , whyyyyy
I had aches and pains all over,  sore   throat ,  runny   nose ,  sore  eyes, no appetite, no energy, lethargic, feeling like throwing up, a cough,  headache . I really hope you haven't got the Ausie strain! You won't be able to work, you physically won't be able to! 
Feeling so so poorly :( my  throat  feels like razor blades, my  nose  won't stop running and I have had a constant  headache  all weekend! Dam winter illness!
The  flu  is a contagious respiratory illness caused by  influenza  viruses that infect the  nose ,  throat , and sometimes the lungs. It can cause mild to severe illness, and at times can lead to death. The best way to prevent the  flu  is by getting a  flu  vaccine each year @CDCgov
The kid has  flu , now it's creeping up on me. My head, my  nose , my  throat  nje = pain onke amacala
Im getting a  runny   nose  and itchy  throat  3 days before I leave for New Orleans. 
Wee bit of spicy on the  throat  and enough to make your  nose  a lil  runny
i woke up with a  sore   throat ,  headache , and a stuffy  nose . i love life
At first it was a bad  sore   throat  and  headache , as well as weakness. Then SUPER STUFFY  NOSE . Now I have a persistent cough
lets see.... sneezing  every 5 min  headache   stuffed   nose   sore   throat  lethargic feeling extra grumpy  Yup...I got a cold
sore   throat  is better rather than a  runny   nose  bcs if i had no voice on tht particular day, i dont hv to talk to ppl around lol it feels good when we didnt hv to interact w/ humans sometimes bcs its tiring
I woke up with a  sore   throat ,  runny   nose  and head congestion. This is why I never leave the house. #compromisedimmunesystem  #killmenow
I feel like I've had some form of illness for 2 wks - started w/a bad treatment = vomiting = nausea = shivers =  sore   throat  = leaky  nose  = chills/ fever  &  headache ... I know the Acu treatment I can do, but can barely focus long enough to make a tweet, let alone needle myself 
Ima go tomorrow , pretty sure they closed today. And yeah bro I got a stuffy  nose  and  sore   throat  along w having a fat ass  headache  ha
Woke up with a  sore   throat ,  stuffed   nose  and a  headache . Thanks Aiden 
Waking up with a  sore   throat ,  fever  and  runny   nose  for like 3rd time this winter is so annoying 
Sure enough I woke up with a  headache , stuffy  nose  and  sore   throat  so its safe to say she was right. Resting up because at this point theres no way I make it though the super bowl.
Nausea, not really a  fever  but my body was hot,  throat  was  sore , watery eyes, stuffy  nose .
Flu / influenza ,common viral infection attacks lungs, nose & throat .Symptoms:  fever ,chills,muscle aches,cough,congestion, runny   nose ,headaches& http:// fatigue.It   is primarily treated with rest&fluid intake to allow body to fight infection on its own.Paracetamol or annual vaccine c https:// twitter.com/business/statu s/960162663945957376  
I think the worst of being sick is gone now, thank goodness. Still have a lingering  sore   throat  and cough, but no  fever  or  runny   nose . I'll take what I can get because at least I'm functional today.
my head hurts, my  nose  is running, i cant stop  coughing , my  throat  hurts, my stomach hurts, and i still have a  fever  :)
My dad has the  flu . I woke up this morning with a stuffy  nose  and slightly  sore   throat . I'm hoping it's just my allergies, because I've been taking any and every precaution.  Pray for me, y'all.
I want death, I woke up with a  sore   throat  and a  runny   nose  and got about 3 hours of sleep
I dont think it is. I havent had any  flu  symptoms its just been a  sore /swollen  throat  from post nasal and  stuffed   nose  and minor body pain. If its worse tomorrow then yes I was going to get checked out. But so far just been plain cold symptoms.
Im burning up like crazy, my  throat  is in agony, my  nose  is  sore  and  runny , I already have a fucking ear infection so now every time I sneeze my  throat  and ear start killing even more. 
sore   throat ,  fever  and stuffy  nose  at the same time 
5. Im allergic to udanggggggg but i love udang on sushi so i always end up with a  sore   throat  &  runny   nose
I think I might have gotten sick today at the party I went to. My  nose  is super  runny  and my  throat  is very  sore . Makes sense though, I dont think theres a bowling alley in the world that wont give you some sort of disease
Symptoms of a useless body:  1. Injured knee ligament  2.  Fever , blocked  nose , cough,  sore   throat  4. Backache 5. Migraine flareup  6. Gastric
My cold has progressed from the "bunged up  sore   throat  and ears feeling like crap" stage I've been at since Christmas to the "can't stop  runny   nose   coughing  feeling like more crap stage"
I thought after the antibiotics Id be cured, but yesterday my  throat  started getting itchy again and I have a  runny   nose  today. 
inhave a  sore   throat  and a  runny   nose  and i got my period and my whole body hurts tell me what i did to deserve this  pic.twitter.com/s9yfgvmKvD
you should go to the doctor soon! i understand what you mean by that. only recently i felt like dying bc of my sickness. i had a high  fever ,  runny   nose ,  sore   throat  and coughs. it wasnt a good feeling, really. anyways, for your clogged bose, i suggest buying vicks and applying
Went to sleep with just a cough now here i am sweating, congested, with a  sore   throat , swollen eyes,  runny   nose , and a bad cough at 4am  pic.twitter.com/XICXCjYxxD
This fucking cough,  sore   throat  and  runny   nose  GOTTA GO I dont got time for this BS
Runny   nose ,  sore   throat , cough, head busting, sinuses!   one! Completely loaded with the cold   but hey I've a spin/circuit class to take this morning. Let's do this!   #norestforthewicked pic.twitter.com/0hrCktfGrJ
Omg itchy  throat  and  runny   nose . Not good signs. I dont wanna get sick. No pls do e. Time for vitamin C
runny   nose , cough and  sore   throat  what is happening to me ;c
A cold is most contagious during the early stages when you have a  runny   nose  and  sore   throat .  http:// bit.ly/2mVxRwy   #FluvColdBSol pic.twitter.com/jij5tib2eu
I just want this damn cold to go away   I have a blocked  nose , blocked ears,  sore   throat  and a  headache  
i just laufhed at a tweet while eating a jalapeno chip and it got sucked into my  throat  so i started  coughing  and laughing at the same time and then the spice came up my  nose  so now tears are happening i am a mess
Headache   Allergies   Sore   throat  Stuffy  nose   Wow sige ano paaaa? Ano paaaaaaaa?   :((
Typical allergy Sx-  runny   nose , itchy eyes,  throat ,  sneezing . I hate the way cold/ flu  meds make me feel. Opted for Claritin.
Most people will have minor reactions to household cleaners, which contain about 30ppm or less. Those include  Eye tearing,  nose  and  throat  irritation  Sneezing  Excess salivation General excitement or restlessness.
Yeah. We went groceries shopping yesterday and eat out in the end.   my  fever  is better but not my  throat  and  nose . Hurrrr
Blocked  nose ,  sore   throat , swollen and infected tonsils, rounded off with a pounding  headache ! When will the damn doctor open?
Headache ,  runny   nose  and a  sore   throat .... why gawddd
Any of our #LivePD  #LivePDNation  have the #flu  this year?  How did it start?  Scratchy  throat ,  runny   nose  and feeling run down.  #Flu2018
Guess who caught her kids cold?!   yay for  fever , stuffy  nose ,  coughing  and  sore   throat ...
Guess who actually got a cold, has the biggest  headache ,  sore   throat ,  stuffed   nose  and cant sleep? Heeuuyy! This lady ;-; I am never sick.. I hate this so much
U literally have the exact same thing I had this week. Monday-tuesday  fever ,  runny   nose ,  sore   throat , wasnt hungry. U probably got sick from me
/ its 10pm and im literally in bed ready to sleep bc i suddenly got a  sore   throat  &  stuffed   nose  & a  headache  out of nowhere omg im dying
I think Im getting sick. Ive got a  runny   nose  and an itchy  throat . Im ready to throw in the towel. Ive done enough. Takes me lordt
I am DONE with the  flu . I have defeated its evil. Just a bit of residual cough. No  fever   headache   sore   throat  aching body  sore  skin blocked  nose  etc etc #Vanquished
Havent been sick in two years, but today my chi is down & I have a  runny   nose  and  sore   throat  today...  pic.twitter.com/mDLLn2yyJm
Sneezing  plus  runny   nose  plus watery eyes plus  sore   throat  ANO PAA??
Itchy scratchy  throat  thats probably the source of the blood in the cough and stupid stuffy  nose  and an on/off  fever .
I've been sick all week. Thank goodness it's not the  flu  (or if it is it was very mild), but annoying and uncomfortable nonetheless.  Sore   throat , plugged ear, stuffy  nose , cough. I've been drinking my "cold and  flu  bomb" tea like it's going out of style.  Honey Apple cider v  pic.twitter.com/UwBuEeOIGb
ive got a blocked  nose  and ive been  sneezing  all day and ive got a  sore   throat  and i just wanna sleep but i cant sleep
I just want to be better now! I'm fed up of having a temperature, red  sore   throat , horrible cough,  runny   nose  and not sleeping.... please can I just be better now?  I can't take much more of this being ill!
Just a  fever , my  sore   throat  is not so  sore  and I'm not  stuffed  up but I am hot / cold and headachey hhhhhh
//I may have a cold: No  fever  I feel weak & light with aches My  throat  feels like a cat scratched it My  nose  is  runny ....  Now I'm no Doctor but.....
Whenever I'm at the onset of a cold ( runny   nose  &  throat  getting  sore ), there's a quick remedy I created that ALWAYS works for me. I immediately take 6,000 mg of Vitamin C capsules & 2 Mucinex tablets with either a glass of orange juice or a glass of lemon water. Bam. It stops.
Ive started #coughing , my #throat  is #sore , my #chest  #hurts , I have a #runny  #nose  & I #ache  all over I dont want to be #ill  #bedtime
I thought I was getting better but after last night my  throat  is killing me and also I cant stop  sneezing  and by extension, blowing my  nose
It started with a congestion  headache  and scratchy  throat  but thats gone and now Im just  sneezing / runny   nose  and  coughing  a lot
My  fever  is gone but like i can't breathe at all, both my  nose  &  throat  is clogged lolll
MashaAllah, Blocked  nose ,  fever  &  throat  pain 
Well, its arrived.  Headache ,  sore   throat ,  sore  eyes and blocked  nose . Its been a few days in gestation. Lets hope it doesnt hang round long!
This was strictly a cold. I'm almost completely over it now. Burned through it last night, it would seem.  Left with only an itchy  throat  and  runny   nose , now.
Sore   throat , blocked yet  runny   nose , watery eyes, aching joints and the odd  nose  bleed.... 5ft 9 of pure attractiveness me!   #poorly  #cold
I dont think(??) its the  flu  but my uni did issue a  flu  warning so   my  runny /stuffy  nose  has gotten better on its own but now Im dealing with a cough/ sore   throat  and trying to get over a  fever  so its probably the  flu  hahaha
I am so sick.  Sore   throat , cough,  headache , tissues  stuffed  up both nostrils, no voice.... I'm miserable 
i woke up with a terrible  headache  that wont go, super congested  nose ,  sore   throat  and it feels like my chest is congested too...  i hope u feel better soon. my day was good. i would ask about yours but.. we can tell it hasnt b...  https:// curiouscat.me/idrcjasmine/po st/309647580?1517684601  
Friendly word of advice for those planning on going to @DubaiOpera  - if you can't go 5 minutes without checking your instagram,  coughing , clearing your  throat , rustling papers or blowing your  nose , please stay at home. This isn't the cinema.... #manners  #theatreetiquette
 Do you feel like you have a cold, or is it more like an itchy  throat , running  nose , tons of  sneezing  ? Maybe a slight  headache  and slight wheezing if its bad enough.   Coming from someone who has zero allergies.
Anyone have A1 tips for getting rid of allergy symptoms (congested  nose ,  sore   throat , etc)???? The cedar  fever  is reallllll people 
Sore   throat  is gone, now gotta deal with a  headache ,  runny   nose , chills, cough, and a low grade  fever . Guess who still has to go to work tonight? 
Has anyone else had allergy symptoms recently (itchy/ runny   nose , scratchy  sore   throat )? Is it just me? And what is it?!   I've been on the piriton for a week now.  I don't usually get this until March (tree pollen).
ginger ale + orange juice = mimosas for sick people.  im living the best life i can with a  headache ,  stuffed   nose ,  sore   throat , and fucked stomach 
I'm with you for the  sore   throat . I've also got chapped lips and a blocked yet  runny   nose    Hope you feel better soon! X
but i am here. Here right at this moment with tissues in both hands trying to clear my  runny   nose , swallowing saliva while my  throat  is hella uncomfortable but still here. to treasure this moment i have and tell yall. I LOVE EACH AND EVERYONE OF YOU. I THANK EACH AND EVERYONE
Having  sore   throat ,  runny   nose  & ulcer 
I love going to sleep but honestly its so hard to wake up. My entire body is like "Oh so you wanna wake up huh? We gonna hit you with BAM  runny   nose  and BAM dry  throat  and BAM a neck ache and just when you thought is was over BAM you also need to go to the bathroom right now."
Suddenly coming down with a cough,  sore   throat , and  runny   nose . Joy.
When youre suffering from  flu   cue a  sore   throat ,  fever , cough and stuffy  nose   and want to stop it in its tracks ... according to new research, the best remedy could be hidden in your wine rack  http://www. independent.co.uk/life-style/dri nk-black-tea-wine-flu-symptoms-help-infections-research-washington-university-school-of-medicine-a7885926.html  
Woke up sick as a DOG.  Sore   throat ,  nose  like cement,  coughing , etc... Im miserable, yall..  Daphne & babies doing great, though! They are sooooo tiny... more pics/vids later when it warms up, if I dont die...  pic.twitter.com/LOaHKxqKsa
my heart hurts, i have  fever ,  throat  is  sore , cant breathe too well,  nose   runny , head is like i drank a bottle of vodka yesterday. whars happening
If this sinus infection with the  runny   nose ,  sneezing , and agitated  throat  would go away that would be nice. #sick
I cant tell if this is a cold or if Ive just had a  runny  and/or dry  nose  and  throat  for weeks. I feel like if I was sick Id feel a lot worse.
Waking up to a  sore   throat ,  runny   nose & a cough is not ok. I dont have time to be sick.
Now I think she got  flu , with  headache , congested  nose , and pain  throat  but no  fever . She said she stayed awake the whole night last night. Really worried that she is leaving for China in a few days.
runny   nose ,  sore   throat ,  headache , upset stomach, only a couple hours of sleep and im working a 12 hour shift 
sore   throat   headache  and stuffy  nose ....were sick fellas x
Sore   throat    Runny   nose
Sore   throat ,  runny   nose , constant  sneezing ,  headache , nausea..not how I wanted to spend my day   I just need @JordannLand  and I to start feeling better!
Anybody knows how to cool off an allergy? My  nose  is all 'swollen' and red (so do my eyes) and is very  runny  since an hour ago &  throat  is really very itchy. Triggered by cigarette smoke. I can't lie down cos i have to finish some work.
Naturally I wake up with a  runny   nose  and  sore   throat  the day I have three talks to give to a few hundred middle schoolers & their parents.   Good thing its Saint Blaise day.  pic.twitter.com/Vodo3ptGkK
No, more a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose . Good luck though, if you have got it, its horrible.
Having a  runny   nose  &  sore   throat  in -11 weather does not feel good 
Woke up with the worst stuffy  nose , cant breathe ,  sore   throat  & cant stop  coughing ... please tell me how Im gonna work this double 
day 4 and still with the  runny   nose  and  sore   throat  huhu
I have the  flu  or cold idk which but last night around 6:30 I woke up from a nap, I was light headed, had no colour in my face at all I looked like a clammy ghost. I threw up in my sink 4 times lmao Im feeling better today besides my  nose  and  throat  obv
I have no idea what I have but I've basically had off and on headaches for like 5 days and I can't do anything physical. I can't even jump lol. But no cough  sore   throat  or  runny   nose . I'm perplexed
Cold,  flu ,  sore   throat ,  runny   nose  and  fever  are common ailments that occur with a change in the season. Simple precautions and a healthy lifestyle can help prevent such diseases.  pic.twitter.com/opxJA30gmZ
Thank you. It's been a test. I didn't get the " flu  jab". I've had poorly tummy leading to diarrhea. Awful  headache . Cold sweats. Indigestion & no appetite. Everyday headaches  sneezing   runny  & blocked  nose   sore   throat . My neighbours are worse have been on & off work for 6 wks.
Ultram may be responsible for causing some side effects like diarrhea, stuffy  nose , worrying, weariness,  fever ,  headache , abdominal pain, and  sore   throat . But.You can be safe from these side effects by taking  https:// goo.gl/6zLSaF   #PainRelief  #Backpain  #nervepain  #Ultram pic.twitter.com/ExJny8ztpc
My body is burning up. Head hurts.  Throat  hurts.  Runny   nose . I feel so weak. Ahhh this sucks.
sore   throat ,  headache , and a  runny   nose  all at the same time will be the death of me...
Whats crazy is i was reading the symptoms for  flu  and to me those symptoms are the norm because theyre alot like migraine minus the cough  runny   nose  and soar  throat  smfh
im about to cry, its 2am, im still sick from the  flu , i cant breathe through my  nose , my  throat  is  sore , my lungs still burn from this morning, my room still smells like the smoke, and to top it all off i keep seeing these adorable ass pictures of jackson, my system is shot
Natural Chest and Nasal Congestion Relief. Soothes  Sore   Throat , Dry Cough, Stuffy  Nose  from Upper Respiratory & Sinus Infection. Works Wonder on Bronchitis, Allergies, Headaches. A Must for Cold  Flu   http:// shoppingxpertz.com/product/natura l-chest-and-nasal-congestion-relief-soothes-sore-throat-dry-cough-stuffy-nose-from-upper-respiratory-sinus-infection-works-wonder-on-bronchitis-allergies-headaches-a-must-for-cold-flu-2/   pic.twitter.com/QQyTReTxW7
scratchy  throat   runny   nose  and itchy eyes fml
Woke up with a  sore   throat , blocked  nose , a  headache  and limbs that feel like theyve been hit by a train. Its now evening and Im no better 
hi i might be ia idk but im really sick i have a huge  headache ,my  throat  hurts,my  nose  is  stuffed  and ive been sleeping a lot so sorry if im ia i love you all <3
Stuffy  nose ,  sore   throat ,  headache , cough and mild  fever
God damn, I'm feeling the worst as ever... I had pretty high  fever  since many hours while freezing to death, with  throat , head and muscle pain, a clogged  nose  and  sneezing  to death.  Slept prolly only for 3 hours - now I'm awake again bc I'm sweating to death.
no gaming till this illness has gone, unable to move, constant  headache , unable to open eyes so I cant even watch tv or a screen for longer than a minute, ears,  throat  and  nose  blocked, ugh fuck this, help me dudes x
At least the red  throat  has an outside chance of bacterial etiology...unlike the  runny   nose  treated at hour 12 and parents mad that kid wasn't better at hour 14...madder at day 3.  Not many polite words said in either direction.  #ABXarenotcandy
suffering from a stuffy  nose ? a terrible cough? aching  throat ? Aching heart? family problems? Life problems? Ponte vicks my fren   from  flu  to depression, my quierido Vicks has your back    pic.twitter.com/DoRgb7yYTT
im glad minhyuks keeping his ass back home ive had the  flu  for a week and its been hell like i had fevers headaches clogged ears stuffy  nose   runny   nose  raw ass  throat  and constant over-salivation
Me yesterday: tomorrow I'm going to write a script for my video  Me today; has  headache ,  sore   throat , and a  stuffed   nose
Runny   nose ,  sneezing ,  coughing ,  sore   throat  and it won't get better? It could be mold in your home:  http:// goo.gl/HrQwha 
Good morning sayang. So I end up with  fever ,  sore   throat  and  runny   nose . Huhue. @BAP_Bangyongguk  because I've been spending my time around sick people so yeah I end up getting sick too. I hope you're healthy over there. 
Yeah I have chest congestion/plugged  nose  and a  sore   throat . No  fever  but I just want to chop my head off and start over.
Sore   throat , spinning head,  runny   nose .
Flu  symptoms include  fever , cough,  sore   throat ,  runny  or stuffy  nose , body aches,  headache , chills and...  https:// fb.me/8TvU1aueI 
Cant fucking believe it man. Genuinely think Ive got ill the day before a busy weekend.  Sore   throat , blocked  nose ,  sneezing  and feeling like Im gonna hurl. Im hoping its just because Im overly tired, because of not Im gonna be so fucking pissed off. 
wed. my  nose  kept running thurs. I kept  sneezing  fri. everything was fine and I thought I was safe from catching a cold sat. my  throat  is closing up, I have a  headache , and I feel like passing out even though Im still in bed
Update:  Fever , chills,  sore   throat , and  runny   nose .    https:// twitter.com/longhoferbaile y/status/959513318653353985  
I dont have like any normal symptoms like  coughing ,  sneezing ,  stuffed / runny   nose  but I have a  sore   throat ,  headache , occasional nausea, and like blacking out after standing up but almost every time I stand up
Effective immediately, due to the increase of severe illness from the  flu , all children 13 and under and anyone with the following symptoms cannot visit patients.  - Cough -  Fever  -  Sore   throat  -  Runny   nose  - Nasal congestion  This is for the safety of both you and our patients.
Bubby hasn't slept properly for five days, his  fever  keeps coming away and back, he's puking like every hour, can't eat and drink properly bc of his imflamed  throat , his  nose  is clogged and having trouble breathing, he also had a nosebleed yesterday, please pray for him! :(
I have too. I keep getting a dry  throat  and  runny   nose , and I can't stop  coughing  and  sneezing .  pic.twitter.com/mRtHEd4X26
Uh oh you sick too I have a really  sore   throat  and a  runny   nose  
Headache , stomach hurts,feel weak scratchy  throat ,  runny   nose  well here I go going into to the room see y'all later
Went from being all healthy yesterday at my Physical to having a bad  sore   throat  today, ear pain (gland hurting and pinching), body  sore , drippy  nose , etc. Got a strep test and  flu  test, which stung so badly, but thankfully I have neither. Still got put on antibiotic tho.
# flu  symptoms include a sudden  fever  or feeling feverish as well as a cough and/or a  sore   throat .   It's common to also have a  runny  or stuffy  nose , head- or body-aches, & chills.  More info here:   http://www. OttawaPublicHealth.ca/Flu   and  http://www. OttawasHealthIsInYourHands.ca    ~CT pic.twitter.com/upGiiyBueb
Stop ignoring that lil  runny   nose  or that lil tingle in your  throat  and Ears. You know that shit that make you say "I think I'm bouta get sick" TAKE SOME MEDS RIGHT THEN AND THERE.
I hope this  flu  stuff does not start with a  sore   throat  and  stuffed  ears.
I have such a  sore   throat  it feels scratched and my  nose  is so  runny  and Im cold and my neck is killing me so bad and I have a  nose  block I hate being ill fgs 
I dont have a  fever  but my  throat  is  sore  and scratchy and my  nose  is slightly stuffy. Its impossible for me to tell if Im really sick or not
I think coming down with the  flu . I have a  headache  a  sore   throat  a  runny   nose  .
Fever +  runny   nose  +  sore   throat  = bogged dowwwwn! 
Flu  Symptoms  If you have the  flu , you may have a high  fever ,  headache  and muscle aches, cough,  sore   throat , and tiredness. You also might have a  runny  or stuffy  nose , chills,  headache , and nausea or vomiting.  http:// ow.ly/BrEN50gdb1R    #flu  #sorethroat
Woke up to a dry/ sore   throat ,  headache  & stuffy  nose  SO LIKE THATS COOL!!!!!!
i just cant catch a break in 2018. i woke up with a  sore   throat ,  runny   nose  & a cough 
Symptoms of swine  flu  The symptoms of swine  flu  are very much like those of regular  influenza . They include:  chills  fever   coughing   sore   throat   runny  or stuffy  nose  body aches  fatigue  diarrhea nausea and vomiting
Man, my  nose  is pretty stuff and  runny . First it was my  throat  that was suffering these past days, and now it's my  nose . I might call home.
Getting sick is not the move runny   nose  swollen eyes  sore   throat
Very grateful to Ajit for all the TLC as I try to recover from a  runny   nose   sore   throat  and mild  fever . Thank...  https:// fb.me/4yAnL47ud 
I think I have a common cold.  Runny   nose , occasional sneezes, a slightly  sore   throat  and mild lethargy... This queue at #AandE  better move faster than the quoted 4 hours or they'll be trouble... 
Dont get the  flu  because you will use all of your energy either  coughing  or blowing your  nose  and then you cant go to sleep bc your  nose  is  stuffed  up and your  throat  hurts 
Not feeling good at all man, but still went to school with a running  nose ,  coughing , and  sore   throat . Ah.
I was a scaredy-cats and didnt get the  flu  shot. Now I think imma have to ditch school cause I feel like my  throat  is burning and my  nose  is clogged up. 
Headache ,  sore   throat , clog  nose . I need to laklak more Vitamin C! 
same...  headache ,  sore   throat ,  stuffed   nose , and i cant hear out of my left ear
ive had a terrible  headache  all week and now my  throat  hurts, my  nose  is running and i think i have a  fever . why does the universe hate me?
cold; a mild illness that usually causes a  sore   throat ,  runny   nose ,  sneezing ,  coughing , and or a  headache  caused by viruses
Not 24 hours after gastro symptoms have ended and I've been struck down by the terrible  sore   throat / runny   nose /cough triple threat (aka a cold). Id like to thank my two coworkers for this delightful combination of illnesses and the ensuing weekend in bed. Pls send tissues.
Ears hurting,  nose  stuffy,  throat  scratchy & eyes  runny .   Thank God for my health 
Go away itchy  throat  and  runny   nose  
Runny   nose , itchy  throat ,  coughing  and my eyes are watering so much I find it hard to keep it open. I feel a...  https:// fb.me/RJnMss4w 
influenza  " flu "... :-  fever   cough   sore   throat    runny  or blocked  nose   muscle aches headaches  fatigue  
Sore   throat  Postnasal drip   Nose  is  stuffed   Watery eyes  Severe  headache  ....   W H Y M E
Waking up with a  sore   throat , sinus  headache  and a blocked  nose  because that is how you get the party started at the weekend. With cough mixture.
I swear Im in a constant state of illness, first the  flu , then a constant blocked  nose , and now a  sore   throat , fml
Sore   throat ,  runny   nose  - the enemy of all writers has got me!! Stupid summer cold means my head is too fuzzy to clock anything more than 270 words for #writeabookwithal  today
Up at 4:00 AM with a  fever ,  sore   throat , and stuffy  nose . Awesome. 
my  throat 's better but now i have  runny   nose  and FUCK THIS i eat medicine and vitamins like 8 times a day and it does absolutely nothing it just stalls me being sick as fuck
every after-sci camp always feels the same tbh tan skin dizzy head tired eyes  sore  thighs  sore   throat   runny   nose  scratchy voice stiff neck bruised legs actually wait i think i just have  influenza
Husband and kids got the stomach  flu  and a week later the rest of the  flu  stuff ( sore   throat ,  fever , stuffy  nose )
Why am I sick again and I had my  flu  shot on Christmas. 2 months ago i was sick too. This one is dry  throat ,  runny /stuffy  nose , dry coughs,  sneezing , and tiredness. 
i feel so sick i woke up with teary eyes & a  runny   nose  i couldnt sleep my eyes and my  throat  hurt
Brilliant two days to #portsmouthcoastalhalf  and woke up with saw  throat , running  nose  and banging head!! Fantastic I will be there but time might be severely dented @runpompey  #gingerrunneruk  #ukrunchat  any ideas to help? Cold &  flu  tabs covornia and lemsipon way
 My stomach, my head, my  throat , and my  nose  still hurt like a burdock and my  fever  is still high, but this tweet actually makes me feel better. Aaah, I love my fam    #iHeartAwards  #BestFanArmy  #BTSARMY  @BTS_twt https:// twitter.com/pragueart1/sta tus/959071324080451584  
Idk how Im sick I was outside today cutting wood for the grill and I start  sneezing  my ass off and now  throat  hurts  nose  is stuffy gotta love nature 
Viral  influenza  in Delhis air! Moderate to high  fever ,  sore   throat ,  runny   nose  or severe head and body ache, if you experience any of these symptoms, chances are high you are suffering from viral  influenza  #HindustanSyringes  #KojakSelinge  #DispoVan  #Cathy pic.twitter.com/uRZlNST5Gv
i have a  runny   nose  , a bad cough , my  throat  is hurting, my heads pounding and my mom still wants to send me to school tomorrow? lmao ok
I hope your  sore   throat  is better soon.  I am not suffering like you, but I have a really  runny   nose  &  sneezing  because I am reacting to a bottle of rose-scented lotion in that I knocked over & broke. Took a Benedryl & have a half onion in bedroom.
Tomorrow... my stomach is going to feel good, my  throat s not going to hurt and the stuffy  nose ,  sneezing  and...  https:// fb.me/8N6NojTOu 
Yea. Yesterday I started to get a stuffy  nose ,  sore   throat  and  coughing  what feels like a lung
which in retrospect explains the sinus pressure, eternally  runny   nose , and the gunked up  throat  ive had for like a year
my eyes burn. My head is spinning. I feel weak pike really really weak. my  throat  is very  sore . my  nose  is  runny . I cant stop  sneezing . and im currently starving because i cant seem to swallow food without it hurting so yeah i think id say today has been the worst day.
It's such a beautiful day and yet here I am sick AGAIN with a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose ! WHY I never get sick this much 
My  nose  is hella  runny  but my  throat  is as dry as the Saharan desert   I wanna go home 
headache ,  sore   throat  n blocked  nose  is exactly what i need rn
Im sick.  Sore   throat ,  runny   nose , ears hurt, irritable, tired, cough, and tired. #FluMask  #flushot  #fluseason

Magic Tricks - Kun NCT - FLUUUUFFFYYSS Being sick is definitely the worst.  Runny   nose ,  sore   throat , and no...  https:// tmblr.co/Zdi3lh2UiUPC7 
Fighting a cold, cough, scratchy  throat ,  runny   nose ....
2nd day of  fever  +  runny   nose  +  sore   throat  + migraine
I cant seem to shake this  sore   throat  &  runny   nose  for the life of me 
Sore   throat , cough, blocked  nose  and  headache , things are great atm 
itchy  throat +itchy ears+ runny   nose +watering eyes+ tooth ache   ughhhhhhhh
Sore   throat , blocked ears,  runny   nose , blocked  nose , proper run down to shit mate just pop me in the bin
I have a meeting at 1 and I feel like total crap! I can barely talk, losing my voice, running  nose ,  coughing ,  sore   throat ,  headache , etc. I'm so annoyed, I wanna cry!
I accidentally fell asleep half naked without the heater on, now my  nose  is  runny  and my  throat  is dry.   If I get sick for a 3rd time Im going to blow my fucking brains out 
Oh jeez... hope you feel better soon. I got a cold today. My  nose  has been  runny  and my  throat  hurts.
Super  Flu  outbreak  - chills / hot flashes  - headaches / migraine - vomiting -  sore   throat   -  coughing   -  runny   nose   - cold sores  -  fever  - loss of hearing  - body aches  - muscle pain  - chest pains - shortness of breath  -  fatigue
climbing 14 stairs@66...now my  nose  is  runny  and my  throat  is caughing...
With disrupted sleep,  throat  irritation, body aches, a  runny , stuffy  nose  -  http:// bit.ly/2FDLR4X 
Thank you ateh. And I do have the  flu . Well, I did have it. Now its just  sore   throat  and  coughing ,  sneezing , and  runny /stuffy  nose . the first 4 days was major.. I slept for 4 days pretty much and had on/off chills and  fever . But gladly I had Dorien to take care of me.
Sneezing  when you have a cold is the most bitter sweet feeling, its essentially a  nose  orgasm that hurts your  throat  :(
Your welcome,, Head cold, she's all bunged up,ears,feels like your underwater,  runny   nose , soar  throat ??  X
im honestly the most dramatic person when I sick. I'll say im dying and repeat it 23 times an hour for a week till it goes away when I have a  headache ,  runny   nose , earache, and  sore   throat  like c'mon everyone gets this brenna grow up
Ugh, have a head cold.  Stuffed  up,  sore   throat ,  coughing . Sucks. Stayed home yesterday and again today. Started Empire on Hulu, so I've been just binge watching that and knitting. Just finished another scarf and matching hat for myself though.
Damnnnn Im sorry :( yeah you were around me right when symptoms started. But tbh I think I had more than pneumonia. Cause I had a  sore   throat  and stuffy  nose  and a high  fever  for days
And... I might have the  flu . I have a  sore   throat  for 2 days now but it wasn't till dinner last night that I decided to check my temp that I found out that it's starting to rise. The heat isn't from anxiety or sth because the running  nose  came on shorty after too 
How man... I thought strep test were bad having it in the back of your  throat  but BRUH this  flu  swap going alllllll the way up my  nose  is horrible  pic.twitter.com/RiRQjEGDQr
I havent slept, my head hurts, my eyes hurt, my  nose  is leaking, my  throat  is killing with  coughing . I legit want to just go into the Fetal position
Sore   throat ,  headache ,  runny   nose , back aches, stomach cramps and my right leg hurts. Sighhh all this does come with a lil cold now 
Josh has pure got this nasty bug bless him -  sore   throat ,  coughing , heavy headed,  runny   nose  & eyes,  fever , spewing up. Looks like Im on hot choc & hot bubble bath duty x
i have the  flu  and everything hurts and my  nose  is either completely stopped up or a waterfall of snot and my  throat  hurts so bad i cant really eat
Ive caught someones lurgy    sore   throat  and  runny   nose
my  throat  aches and my diaphragm is so  sore  from  coughing  and now I cant BREATHE at ALL through my  nose  I feel so claustrophobic and miserable so I just got up to take a shower because I literally cant sleep or even just sit there feeling like this
So unfortunately Im sick. Its not the  flu  ,thank god, but a really bad  sore   throat , and stuff  nose . Sucks but Ill get better. :)
clog  nose ,  sore   throat , cough, slight  headache  for the entire day... okay  Bioflu and Enervon taken. Drinking...  https:// fb.me/GaSCuUni 
sore   throat , runny   nose  and  headache   dammit
Aww, my head hurts,  throat   sore ,   nose  blocked & hands  sore   ( Flu  & hurt hands at work)  I hope we both feel better soon
my  throat  is  sore  out of no where and my  nose  is  runny .... WHY
After waking up with a blocked  nose  a  throat  infection & a banging  headache  gr88888
Being sick to me is headaches ,  sore   throat  ,  runny   nose  tbh
I just went from feeling completely normal to having a  sore   throat ,  runny   nose , and a  fever  in like .2 seconds whats good rn
i finally caught the bug from the girls. the whole package -  fever ,  sore   throat ,  runny   nose .
Someones given me the lurgy and I feel crap, not 100% crap but crap enough. Im talking  stuffed   nose , slight  headache , feel like a  sore   throat  coming on. Ill take any ideas for get well remedies that dont involve leaving the house. Ill be drinking orange juice all day 
I have a 102  fever , cant breathe thru my  nose  and my  throat  and head are throbbing 
A bit but still got a  runny   nose  and  sore   throat  
Complications common for adults after tonsillectomy reuters homeopathic remedy for  sore   throat  and  runny   nose  -  http:// bit.ly/2rUUCp7 
Ear ache, blocked  nose ,  headache  & my  throat  kills  todays gonna be fun
Woke up with a proper  sore   throat  and a  runny   nose  and Ive got a full day at college, pray for me 
my eyes are watering, my  throat  hurts, my  nose  is  stuffed  & i'm  sneezing  every other second    pic.twitter.com/wydXdvAcgZ
Man, I feel like Im getting sick! I have this  headache , my  nose  is getting stuff,  throat  slightly scratchy. Above all, its keeping me from being sick. I really dont have a break til like Sunday because its damn near impossible for me to call out of work
Went back to work on Monday.  This morning i felt a tickle in my  throat  and now i have a  runny   nose  and a  headache . Death is settling in.  College students are always sick. I should have known better!  https:// twitter.com/2dope4urpipe/s tatus/954045927676813313  
Ill take a  sore   throat  and a  headache  over a  stuffed   nose  any day  pic.twitter.com/raSe78h1rK
Zach has the man  flu  so his  sore   throat  and stuffy  nose  is pure death
Cough   Runny   nose   Sore   throat  Im sick
A  runny   nose , cough,  sore   throat , breathing problems,  fever ,  headache , diarrhea: If you came down with these symptoms in the middle of winter, youd probably assume its the  flu  and take to your bed immediately. Think again.  https://www. simplemost.com/flu-adenovirus -difference/  
Honestly feel like complete dog shit the past two days... my  throat , head and plugged up  nose . Not a good time   luckily no  fever  yet. so Ive been going to work but debating on tomorrow... 
Had a day off work today and I sleep all day because of this crazy weather,  stuffy  nose ,  sore   throat ,  runny  eyes. This too shall pass!!
A  runny   nose , cough,  sore   throat ,  fever : If you came down with these symptoms in the middle of winter, you'd probably assume it's the  flu . Think again.  http://www. wfsb.com/story/37379685 /if-its-not-the-flu-you-might-be-sick-because-of-this-virus   pic.twitter.com/k8jReaf6fO
 I have...  a  headache  a stuffy  nose  a  runny   nose  a  sore   throat  a  fever  a rash
Went from being perfectly fine to a  sore   throat ,  runny   nose  and feeling boiling when im really freezing in less than 9hrs   i better wake up better tomorrowplease
got the full  fever  this year... sneezing ,  runny   nose , itchy eyes, back of  throat  itch. #cedarfever  #notsickjustallergies
First it was the  sore   throat  and now my  nose  is starting to get all  runny  and stuffy. fml I tried so hard not to catch this goddamn cold! 
Mercola News Update How Cold Weather Can Make You Sick - By Dr. Mercola The common cold is likely the most easily recognized illness. Symptoms include a  runny   nose ,  sore   throat , itchy eyes and low-grade  fever . The illness is usually mild, lasting one ...  http:// ow.ly/5Lhp50gkn6R 
How Cold Weather Can Make You Sick - By Dr. Mercola The common cold is likely the most easily recognized illness. Symptoms include a  runny   nose ,  sore   throat , itchy eyes and low-grade  fever . The illness is usually mild, lasting one to two weeks and req...  http:// ow.ly/aLfx50gklAk 
Told myself I'd stop smoking when I came back from Japan. It's been two days. Now I have a  fever ,  runny   nose ,  sore   throat , feel like doodoo. SIGH.
Is it the  flu  or a common cold? Symptoms of a  flu  are  fever , body aches,  sore   throat , coughs, and shortness of breath. Colds are typically around your  nose  and face, and you may have a  sore   throat . read more:  https://www. cnn.com/2018/01/31/hea lth/flu-symptoms/index.html    via @CNN
Paranoid that I am going to get the  flu  so I Googled and it said: People with the  flu  often experience  fever , chills, cough,  sore   throat ,  runny  or stuffy  nose , muscle or body aches, headaches and/or  fatigue   I feel these things every day though so I guess Im fucked.
Hate being sick, keep  sneezing  until my  throat  hurts and  nose  like running tap water
my cold/ flu  is slightly better (= my  sore   throat  is almost gone) but NOW I CANT TASTE ANYTHING AND I JUST FINISHED A ROLL OF TISSUE BLOWING MY  NOSE  :^(