Measles is a contagious disease that is caused by a virus. Measles starts with a  fever ,  runny   nose , cough, red eyes, and  sore   throat . #Ureportnigeria
Cat Cold Remedies | Remedies for Cat  Sneezing  and  Runny   Nose  | petMD  http://www. petmd.com/cat/conditions /home-remedies-cat-colds#.WhQSTT9SrUM.twitter  
Know how else to stay #cool ?? Get vaccinated!!  Influenza  can present itself as  fever , cough,  runny   nose  and  fatigue  #FluScenario  #GetInjectedNotInfected https:// twitter.com/DundeePublicH/ status/932932355773419520  
my  throat  is swollen, my eyes are watery and my  nose  is  runny . i don't deserve this
ahhh  sore   throat  n  runny   nose , hello to the winter cold. good bye normal sleep.
Day 2 of our #selfcarechalllenge , if you have diarrhoea, a  runny   nose , painful cough or a  headache , were should you go for treatment?
Not only do I have to deal with a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose  but I can't even clean my  nose  properly (bc hurts) and I keep disinfecting the piercing bc i'm paranoid the snot will somehow get into it and fuck shit up
I hate it bsta magdungan high  fever ,  headache  ug  runny   nose
My skin itching,  sneezing ,  runny   nose  
My  throat  burns my  nose  is  runny  yes I love this
So far all i have is a  runny   nose  and i keep  sneezing ... better than last year but still sucks:(
Woke up with a  runny   nose  and a scratchy  throat  pretty sure that's illegal
headache   increase temperature  back pain  runny   nose  -sariling sikap sa pag-aalaga  feeling sick
Headache  +  runny   nose , and it's still a tuesday akrpwsebcq
nope, i i have like small rashes near my  throat  since it's soo o o o itchy then i also had a  runny   nose  - and i was puking a lot too... i looked bad and icky so you can't see it nope!
I got a  fever , headache ,  runny   nose , fucked up tonsils you think I wanna hear this shit rn fuck you
but wAiT i have a test in three hours and my stomach hurts so bad, my  throat  too and i have  runny   nose
I'm so tired of having a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose  
No we can't especially since christian has the stomach  flu  and Teddy just had  fever ,  coughing ,  sneezing  with  runny   nose .
Been sick lately with a cold/ flu . Congested and  coughing  with stuffy and  runny   nose , making me feel downright miserable. Just had a  coughing  fit in my bed and scroll down twitter to an ad for NyQuil. Only a little creepy lol
She got a  runny   nose ..... i dont think its the  flu
I freaking hate being sick like  sore   throat , ear infection,  runny   nose , and feeling nauseous really freakin suxs...  pic.twitter.com/SJB4WKfxS9
Either way the  sore   throat , constant  sneezing , and  runny   nose  are a pretty good indication, but Im no medical professional  pic.twitter.com/68v22R0ATa
Runny   nose , body ache and  sore   throat ....yessss I love! 
Just some minor  runny   nose  issues. No  sneezing , thankfully    pic.twitter.com/Ic7aejdIA1
gray same i have a  runny   nose ,  sneezing ,  coughing , but i can still taste. i think me and you are more of twins than you and ethan. lol i love you
I have a migraine and my  throat  super irritated and have a  runny   nose ... great Im officially sick 
No I havent yet, and  fever , chest congestion, cough, lots of mucus,  runny /stuffy  nose . Stomach pain
flu  season is rough this year, even Forrer has a  runny   nose  :/
Flu  symptoms: come on suddenly w/ fever   fatigue , muscle/body aches,  headache , chills,  sore   throat , cough, stuffy/ runny   nose   http:// Kp.org/flu 
i cant stop  sneezing  on math test it was embarassing everything was so quiet and then there's me  sneezing  loudly sigh my cold got worse my  nose  is  runny  now
I have a slight  fever ,  runny   nose , and my  throat  is dry af
Going live in 10 mins. Like i said earlier still sick but my  runny   nose  is gone. I still might end up  coughing  alot and trying to muscle through a  sore   throat  but its bearable at least.   http:// twitch.tv/RedK1 
Soar  throat  and  runny   nose  season is in full swing and it's kicking my ass
Stuffy  runny   nose ,  sore   throat ,  headache ,  coughing ,   sneezing ,  freezing, and a  fever  of 100. I gotta get over this crap fast, I gotta start cooking Thanksgiving dinner Wednesday evening. 
What's the best cure for a  sore   throat  and slightly  runny   nose ?!?
Runny   nose  and itchy  throat ... 
Nothing ruins the holidays like a  runny   nose  or a  sore   throat . Keep you and your family extra healthy during holiday travel with these simple tips.   https:// buff.ly/2Ai9qlc  pic.twitter.com/3OibRIxnQw
Im so sick. Dry cough.  Fever .  Runny   nose . I hate winter.
when I mess up my metabolism, I start getting a  runny   nose  and  sneezing    basically I went too hard today
I  really hope this scratchy  throat ,  runny   nose  and water eyes doesnt mean Im getting sick   #sayitaintso
Also keep me in prayer guys, havent been feeling good all day >M<  throat  hurts and  nose  is  runny
the trade off to my  sore   throat  is a stuffy/ runny   nose  
Congestion,  runny   nose ,  headache , watery eyes and toothache I think I'm on the universe shit list
I really feel like Im dying. The back of my eyes hurt, I feel  sore  everywhere, my  nose  is all  runny , i have a slight cough and I feel a  headache  coming in
Sore   throat , body aches, night sweats and chills for the last two days. No  runny   nose  or stuffiness which makes me think this isnt a cold. So now that Ive convinced myself I have zika, I feel better about still going to work since I cant infect my patients with it 
I should have gotten the  flu  shot honestly, now   fever  of 102degrees f, body pains plus the  runny   nose  and cough. Dont know which is worse, malaria or  Flu ..
Woke up feeling so much better today   just a bit of a  runny   nose  and  sore   throat  but nothing as bad as before. I'll see you guys tonight at 7pm with Mario kart and @Friday13thGame
My  throat  hurts and my  nose  is  runny  as fuck  pic.twitter.com/3ynPV8uWO7
Woke up with a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose . Just what I needed to make this week better....  pic.twitter.com/N7u11QdOYv
Snots/ runny  eyes/ runny   nose / sneezing / coughing / headache /earache. F.O. Now.
I keep randomly burping.. Randomly  sneezing .. And my  nose  is slightly  runny  and my  throat  feels rough.  What is this? 
 thats no reason to send him home...did he have a  fever  or  runny   nose  with colored mucus?
Motho one a kuisitse lerole ka JCB kgantele ko site. Now I can't stop  sneezing .  Runny   nose  also
Runny   nose ,  sore   throat , a dry hacking cough, tiredness,  headache , and severe body aches post vacation are making this Monday back in the office a difficult one to bear.
the cold is the absolute worst bc all you have to do is glance at someone with a  runny   nose  who's 80ft away and you'll still wake up the next morning with a  sore   throat
When I have a  runny   nose  I have the SAME THOUGHTS ....I am okay if I am down with  fever  but a  runny   nose  ? NO WAY !!
Big ole  headache ,  runny   nose ,  sneezing ,  sore   throat ... sinus problems got me for the first time in three years.  Feel free to suggest things to watch besides Boy Meets World.
And Scarlet is so pure hearted, shes sick and not once has she cried over it she just decides to be happy, laughing, and smiling even when her  nose  is congested and  runny  and she cant stop  sneezing / coughing .
Now I rly am sick. Wake up to my  throat  feelin just a bit weirder, FLEMA. :/ little  runny   nose .. and last night I covered myself to get warm as much as I can and I end up worse than the day before. Logic 
throat  hurt  nose   runny  charger gotta damn shortage what is life
Well its official ! I have man  flu  ( runny   nose  and soar  throat ) so for the next week I will mainly be complaining and feeling sorry for my self !
I feel nauseous, my  throat  hurts like hell, and can't stop this  runny   nose   .
Ugh not feeling well yesterday or today, just yucky, dizzy,  headache ,  runny   nose ...blech  feeling sick
I woke up today with a  headache  and a  runny   nose  END ME
BRO my whole life 1 thought that. 1 stop getting shots years ago. 1 feel great. 1 get you know  runny   nose  and  coughing  but thats the most. Herbs and tea lol
Started with  sore   throat . Mostly fairly mild cold-things:  runny   nose , chesty cough, but the killer is the sort of wobbly-legged weakness that means actually doing anything overwhelmingly fatiguing.  Fatigue  the worst in this (10 days of manky  nose  just annoying). What you got?
I'm hoping (fingers crossed!) she'll be better by morning. She was sick all yesterday but I just didn't realize it would get worse. It's just a  runny   nose ! But today it's all  fever  :/  Sounds like what your kids had. Must be going around. Blergh. Sick kiddos blows
I woke up with an ear infection, and an extremely extremely  sore   throat  and the coughs and a  runny   nose  
Think Im getting sick   my  throat  is killing me and i have a  runny   nose  .. great
this  runny   nose ,  sneezing ,  headache , and stopped up ears gotta go!
think im getting sick .. i keep  sneezing  & having  runny   nose  
my  throat  hurts n i have a  runny   nose  n my bro is being annoying lifes great
if its just a cough with no other symptoms congestion  runny   nose   fever  body aches then Delsym is good for a cough
Also sleep slightly sitting up. It sucks to sleep like it but it will help your breathing and stop you from  coughing  from the  runny   nose .
Find something with pseudoephedrine in it, that will dry up your  runny   nose  and start helping your  throat  as the  runny   nose  is whats causing the  sore   throat . Itll help with your sleeping too as you wont be blocked up as much
I fuckin knew it! I woke up w a  sore   throat  n a  runny   nose  :(  https:// twitter.com/maicxdma/statu s/932481994834853888  
Fever , constant goosebumps, cough,  runny   nose , migraine...... My day > yours.
The nasal spray #flu  vaccine for children, has very few side effects. The main one is getting a  runny   nose  after vaccination for a few days
''Tis the season for my  nose  to be perpetually  runny / stuffed /some simultaneous combination of the two. Fa la la la la la la la la
Great my  sore   throat  has become a  runny   nose  and aggravating cough thanks life
Feeling unwell? Hot 'n' cold?  Sneezing ?  Headache ?  Runny   nose ? #ChooseWell  buy over the counter remedies of paracetamol, #eatwell  stay #hydrated  #staywarm . Prevent the spread of germs by binning your used tissues washing hands regularly & use a hand sanitizer #SpreadTheWarmth
Up bc of this  runny   nose  n  coughing
  I have a cold. I have a stuffy  nose . I have a  runny   nose . I can't stop  coughing .
Nothing makes me more irrationally angry than seeing a grown ass man piss and moan about being sick. Unless you're shitting out a kidney, shut the fuck up about your  fever  and  runny   nose , you pussy. I've pulled 36 hour stints of manual labor while dying of AIDS. #SuckItUp
Sneezing , cough,  runny   nose .....NOT THIS WEEK!!!!
Runny   nose ,  sore   throat , cough,  fever ,what a combo.. 
Daily morning routine now is just waking up with a blocked but  runny   nose ,  sneezing  every 10 seconds and wrapping myself in my duvet until Im brave enough to get up.
Ready to work out again ohh wait hi itchy  throat  and  runny   nose  
The whole system is set to off...I think I might have to. Woke up with a  runny   nose  and  sore   throat ...
Thank you  sore   throat  and  runny   nose  for ruining my mood 
Extremely tired today. Huhu.   Talked for almost 9 straight hours with a sorr  throat  and a  runny   nose . Huhu
sore   throat ,  runny   nose , chills? You got it I have a big fat cold 
I cant I cant anymore..  no voice,  coughing ,  runny   nose ,  fever ,  sore  throats, and now throwing up ! Wtf 
runny   nose  +  headache  + body pain =   #WawaMira
i'd rather have  runny   nose  than a  sore   throat . sigh who am i kidding.
Avoided getting sick for weeks and the week where all my action starts here I am with  runny   nose ,  sore   throat  and tired feeling 
Been  sneezing  all day in school and i feel like shit ,ohh and a  runny   nose  ... ughh i dont want to be sick
Sore  head,  sore   throat ,  sore  and  runny   nose ,  sneezing  loads, feeling too hot then too cold - think I've got a cold 
my  throat  hurts and my  nose  is  runny ...I just want to be misfit and its a rainbow foil.
No-one talk to me today... No sleep, glands size of golf balls, cough,  headache , blocked and  runny   nose  
I think I'm probably sick 8)))) but it's weird bc it's like. My  throat  is hurting but not as scratchy? My  nose  isnt  runny  or stuffy but I keep having to blow it??? I have a  headache  thats the entire front side of my head and past my temples 8)) my stomach is trying to murder me??
Yeah I did get a  flu  shot a couple of months ago. This is just a common cold.  Headache   runny   nose   sore   throat . I'm going to push myself. Don't want to be sick for Thanksgiving? Lol. Thanks! 
She cried holding her blanket close. She had a  runny   nose  and had a slight  fever ....she wants her dad.
Runny   nose  +  fever  +  headache
no Im not okay Ive been asleep all day, my body hurts, i cant breathe, my  nose  is  runny , my tummy is empty but wants to vomit , my  throat  hurts and I  have that really weird cough that sounds like a smokers cough
How do I convince @lovelyfoool  that Im catching a cold? The  runny   nose , constant  sneezing  and lethargy isnt convincing her.
It's 6:04a.m. and I'm awake because of my  runny   nose . I'm such a loser.   Having a  flu  sucks.
today i learned the  flu  doesnt mean youre puking, thats the stomach  flu , and what i have is the normal  flu , which means muscle pains,  fever ,  runny   nose , cough, all the fun stuff really. the more ya know!
i got my shots ! im prepared ! i don't think this is the  flu  .its a  runny   nose  n  sore   throat ..
I have a  fever ,  sore   throat , and an almost  runny   nose . Vaccination who. WHY DID I HAVE TO GET INFECTED WITH A DIFFERENT STRAIN OF  FLU
Slightly  sore   throat ,  runny   nose , what did you do to me @__aisforawesome ?!?!
Sore   throat  ,  runny   nose . Being sick sucks.
My  nose  is  runny  and I feel like Im getting a  sore   throat . 
Itchy eyes,  runny   nose  and a constant tickle in your  throat  - Professional hazards of working with rodents?? Is this the model organism most likely to give you allergies? What about worms, flies etc ???  pic.twitter.com/7CjxdUMR94
Caught a cold yesterday.  Sore   throat , stuffy/ runny   nose . These meds were only $1.00 at the local Rx here in Hanoi.  pic.twitter.com/yBEjMnKro4
Sore   throat ,  runny  (and stopped up)  nose , cough....
Runny   nose ,  sore   throat , cough,  fever , all in.. 
Sore   throat  and  runny   nose  :(
I cant with this  runny   nose  and  sneezing  attacks 
sore   throat  and  runny   nose  uh uh fite me btch
Oh no, i think i had the trangkaso now. The moment i woke up, i was  sneezing  and started having  runny   nose . Damn. 
Had a  sore   throat  yesterday but I drank tequila and now its gone   I still have a  runny   nose  though
Afrin is the real MVP. I have been  sneezing  with a  runny   nose  all day under a medicated nasal spray that-shall-not-be-named. I will be able to go into tomorrow's meetings looking like Rudolph sans the plague.  pic.twitter.com/Rav5eSXfRC
It got rally fucking cold last night and now I have a  runny   nose  and  sneezing
Bouts of excessively  runny   nose ,  stuffed  nostrils and sneeze attacks have ever so very slowly levelled of into continuous such trocities of but slightly less severe but more disturbing content so.
The worst part of having a cold is the beginning. The super annoying itchy  throat ,  runny  and blocked  nose  and headaches Shoot me now
Ugh  runny   nose  and  sore   throat ...yep Im getting sick. Usually its a sign that Im starting a new job because every time I get a new job I usually get sick as a dog.
Bag'o pa gani ko nahumag  fever  and wala pa gni kaayo nauloan akng dry cough,  runny   nose  and clogged  nose  napud karon 
Ugh I've had a  runny   nose , watery eyes and have been  sneezing  uncontrollably to the point of getting a  headache ... Can someone please cut my head off, I don't want it anymore
I need a good cup of tea. I woke up with a  sore   throat  and a  runny   nose  :-:
my head hurts, i feel hot, i cant stop  sneezing , my  nose  is  runny , and i can hardly breathe what the FUCK
It was a bad infection, but I'm over the worst. Now have a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose . Weather has been atrocious so couldnt stay out  1/2
Figured I can't possibly have the  flu  due to a  runny   nose . Turns out that's one of the symptoms of this year's strain. Swear to god every year I don't get a shot...
Weather change, tickle in  throat  and  runny   nose . Yay  fall  pic.twitter.com/BddfbRnnI1
It's just  sneezing ,  runny   nose , and slight  coughing  for me. Oh yeah, and a ton of sniffing. I just took allergy medicine, so fingers crossed 
A warm cup of rose tea is an effective home cure for  sore   throat . Plus, its vitamin C content helps in fighting the infection in a better way, thus ensuring a faster relief from  sore   throat ,  runny   nose , and cold. #coldandflu  #sniffles  #herbalhealth
Puffy eyes,  runny   nose ,  sore   throat . Whyyyyy. I hate getting sick 
4 Seasonal Allergy Relief Solutions to Treat  Sneezing ,  Coughing , and  Runny   Nose   Which One Works?!  http:// naturalfloridaallergyrelief.com/index.php/4-se asonal-allergy-relief-solutions-to-treat-sneezing-coughing-and-runny-nose/  
I think Im allergic to mornings... I wake up every morning with a  runny   nose  and  sneezing  then after a few hours Im fine. Annoying! 
Hate having  fever . Eyes will get all teary, body will ache like hell,  runny   nose , cold fingers, hello immune system?? Whatchudoin 
You know when your that annoying stage of being ill and you hate everything well thats me rn got a slight  fever , sore   throat , headache , runny  or stuffy  nose  (its either or there is no in-between), my ear is hurting,my lymph node on the left side is hurting and i just hate everything
i have a  stuffed   nose  and a  runny   nose . I don't know how, but i know this is how i die
lemon ginger tea with a teaspoon of honey is perfect for a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose .
Soar  throat ,  runny   nose ,  headache , feverish... Welcome new  flu  season 
chest pain,  fever  and my  runny   nose  is running likka water tap. am working tmrrw. hellppp 
So last week I was thinking how great it was that I didn't catch a cold yet -> Of course I've been spending the whole day half sleeping in my bed:  fever  and a very  runny   nose . Yey. #neversaynever  #soicaughtacold  #mybedisthebestplacerightnow  #butimkindabo   http:// ift.tt/2mHnWg5  pic.twitter.com/vNmnCZg4Ji
A cold is most contagious during the early stages when you have a  runny   nose  and  sore   throat .  http:// bit.ly/2yJ896b    #FluDerbyshire
Is it possible to get like resick? I was just sick last week with a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose  and now its back like i never got better 
Day four -  throat  still burns,  nose  is still  runny , and body is still achy. Send help pls 
ive got a cough and a  runny   nose  and im probably going to scream my  throat  out tonight ,wake up tomorrow unable to speak like yio wuit thie fuc-
Hee as doing so good when we brought him home. But I woke up this morning and he peed in his cat bed,had to toss that.his  nose  is abnormally  runny  and  sneezing  so much. That's what the vet told us to look out for. Also a  fever  but I need a special thermometer for him. Ugh. 
Uh oh, scratchy  throat  and  runny   nose . I mean... Yay I might actually call off work sometime???
I'm a bit under the weather with a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose  Hate moping around so have been pottering in the garden 
Thought Delilah was sick. Low grade  fever ,  runny   nose , and screaming like a banshee. Turns out her 2 year molars are popping through. Teething is the worst thing about kids. (My kids that is)
Sore   throat , puffy eyes  runny   nose  . I hate being sick man plus my allergies omfg. I wanna go home.
I honestly love winter but I do hate the part where the  runny   nose  and  sore   throat  kicks in. 
Same as you :3 Figured youd be in karachi because the whether just changed here.  Oh im fine I just have a  runny   nose  and a  headache  BECAUSE I DRANK TOO MUCH JUICE Lol 
Most of the time it was just a  runny   nose /feeling blah but Thursday night it turned into a super  sore   throat . Yesterday it wasn't too bad and today I have a cough &  sore  throats again. It's never ending!
I have a  runny   nose  and a  sore   throat  but I have a ticket for Justice League this afternoon so I gotta stay alive one more day.
No sleep last night, had a  runny   nose ,  headache , face was tender and had heartburn. Feeling totally rung out this morning 
When u get the  flu  jab in September and here u r in November with a  runny   nose ,  headache , temperature and a voice that sounds like roadkill. 10/10 for the  flu  jab, definitely no difference to last year without it
I have a  headache . Watery eyes.  Runny   nose .  Sore   throat . Ringing ears. 
Headache  and  runny   nose  seems like I'll have a  fever  lol
Sore   throat  and  runny   nose , good combination 
Craving for steamy hot miso based ramen   for my  runny   nose  &  fever .
i have a  runny   nose             my stomach hurts my  throat  is swollen                im tired but i can't sleep 
Runny   nose  +  sneezing = hate this feeling..
Halp me!!! Symptoms are congested,  runny  and stuffy  nose ,  sneezing  and  coughing . What do I take to stop looking like Rudolf/get better quick?
Somedays i feel like curling in a ball under my favorite duvet-   (RIP FULLA DUVET-you will be missed. She's not dead... i just cant use her in this weather)   -with a tub of ice cream even though I'm hella sick w a  sore   throat  and a  runny   nose  watching Netflix w my 20 teddies
Up early,  coughing .  Runny   nose . Put a DVD on. It's the 2013 horror classic, Bad Milo.
sore   throat  and  runny   nose  
Just got a  runny   nose  and a soar  throat , i feel like dying rn
i feel like i'm dying my  nose  is both  stuffed  and  runny  my  throat  hurts and i'm writing a letter, in korean, to myeonghun
@ DrAlsaeid  Good morning doctor. My son is still  coughing  and has a  runny   nose . What do we Do?  pic.twitter.com/o3Ar7YrI9D
This  headache  and  runny   nose  is blowing me and plus I have no meds.
runny   nose .   fever .  chills.  pic.twitter.com/zwUwQfQaFS
fever ,  runny   nose , burning  throat ,  headache  n yet no mother to cure me with her mexican home remedies... sad day
MY  NOSE  IS  RUNNY  AND MY  THROAT  IS  SORE  AND SCRATCHY BUT  P O K E M O N
I prob wont stream tonight as Sat's are normally my day off. Plus im dealing with a back pain, rib pain,  headache , cold, groggy eyes and  runny   nose  all at once. So Ill try for Sunday.
Worked a 9 hour day with a  fever , still have one. No voice, cough,  runny  stuffy  nose . #rundown  #wantabath  #andatea   pic.twitter.com/fu6TPGNB2U
My  nose  so  runny , I cant stop  sneezing  or  coughing  all I ask for is to please play Speaker Knockerz at my funeral
I hate this !!!!  Sore   throat +cough+ runny   nose  
And Im lowkey getting a cold again   my  throat  has been killing me and I have a  runny   nose  
Really wish I wasn't sick :(  Sore   throat  / swollen tonsils,  runny   nose , and slight  headache .  Started yesterday, but I think today will be the worst of it, and tomorrow will hopefully be the last day.
Lately these days my  nose  is so  runny  and my  throat  is dry
She's got a  runny   nose  I don't think it's the  flu  
I know people who get " Flu " 3-4 times a year :) and they still work! What they have is a  runny   nose  and  sore   throat . If they had  Flu  they wouldn't get out of bed!  Flu  is a virus anyone can get at any time. Simple as touching a door handle that has been sneezed on.
Woke up w a  sore   throat  & a  runny   nose . 
Traveling on a greyhound from Philly to Albany. Realized I have a  fever  and  runny   nose . Have to drive a uhaul back tomorrow. 
All right guys, I have a question.  @_caucASIAN_  thinks a  runny   nose  is worse.  I think a  sore   throat  is worse.  Who is right?
.  Flu + Fever + Runny   Nose +Cough is the worst combinations ever.
Runny   nose , watery itchy eyes,  sneezing  4 times in less than a second yup just another amazing night
Ive been sick for like 3 days,  sore   throat ,  headache , head cold,  fatigue ,  runny   nose  
Wednesday Me: YEAH! EVERYONE TAKE MEASURES TO RESIST COLD &  FLU . Friday Me: * Sneezing , Congestion,  Runny   Nose , Body Ache* . . . . .   
And Im mad that my  nose   runny  & I have a soar  throat
its not even being sick dude, just a  runny   nose  24/7 and a dry  throat , im never sick
Patient: Doctor, I just have this  runny   nose  and  sneezing  fit, I don't know why.  Dr You: Well, if you don't get the fuck out of my office you are going to need someone to remove my leg from your rectum.
Headache ,  runny   nose  and  sore   throat . Blergh.  pic.twitter.com/19WuOazBvL
sneezing . runny   nose . sore   throat  huueeee please wag ngayon
Jaw pain.  Runny   nose . Puffy eyes.  Headache .   Why damam nowwwww 
Flu  +  runny   nose  + big traumatic ulcer + pain on swallowing, tender & palpable right submandibular LN  great combination to start block 2
runny   nose  &  headache !! argh fvck 
@ MYBaskinRobbins  whats your policy  on sick ( runny   nose  and  fever ) employees serving ice-cream?
For the last week I've had  a bit of a  sore   throat ,a bit of a  runny   nose   and a bit of a  headache ...this cold needs to sort itself out and either hit me hard or sod off
Even worst!!! Literally & figuratively. Bc I knew for the start, Id get sick & I am indeed sick. Having pounding  headache  &  runny   nose  on my graduation day.  5) no refreshments were served - I mean, gosh can u imagine me trying to stay alive w/o food????!!! T R A G I C
Im not crying because Im drunk or because I miss you, Im crying cuz I got a cold, I cant stop  sneezing  and i have a  runny   nose . I used to be somebody........without a cold.
I often get a  runny   nose  with temperature changes, like lying in bed with shoulders uncovered, but stops when I get warm. Doesn't usually last two days &  sore   throat  with it.
< I've got  flu  that keeps on running down my  nose . I'm literally dying because of my  sore   throat  and  runny   nose .   >
Yo how tf I have a  runny   nose  and a  stuffed   nose  at the same time god damn
Tried Hay  Fever  Oil -  sneezing ,  runny   nose  & eyes went immediately #soulecting  #naturopathy  @HomeCuresisbest   http:// bit.ly/1XCkYTx   #soulecting
i have a  runny   nose ,  headache ,  sore   throat , a cough that is non stop, i feel light headed every time I walk and my stomach hurts...  could be the  flu  but pretty sure Im dying nbd   :)
i did? i'm glad.  ah,,  well, you'll probably say i told you so.  but my  throat  hurts.  and i had a  runny   nose  today.  https:// twitter.com/austereteen/st atus/931808104630685696  
How are you   I have hay  fever ,but other than that,I'm good.  I have a stuffy  nose  I have a  runny   nose  goodfineOK
so if my  nose  could stop being  runny , that would be great bc im getting a  headache
Sore   throat  and a  runny   nose  
my  nose  is  runny  my  throat  hurts and its hard to do anything lol prayers are appreciated i dont wanna die
Most people with #NasalPolyps  have  runny   nose ,  sneezing , and postnasal drip.
Sore   throat  why nowww!?    Runny   nose  and cough is expected to come next 
how does one sleep w a  runny   nose  & a swollen  throat  ???? asking for myself
i hate being sick, my  nose  is  runny  and my  throat  hurts so much and I'm getting a huge ass pimple i hate it
She got a  runny   nose  I don't think that it's the  flu
i hate cough medicine but whatever rids me of this  sore   throat  and  runny   nose , ill drink it ;_;
Nasal Polyps symptoms: nasalobstruction, nasalcongestion,  sneezing , postnasal drip,  runny   nose , facial pain, chronic infections.
 Feverish   Cough    Sore   throat     Runny  and stuffy  nose    Body aches   Headaches    Fatigue   FIGHT LANG BES   DAMI NATIN TIME MAGKASAKIT AH HUHU
Sore   throat , itchy  nose ,  runny   nose , sleepy eyes, dyspnea... what else could I have?
This congestion  runny   nose   coughing  shit can go away anytime now 
It's very suddle but she won't eat and she has been so cranky and  coughing   runny   nose . Yay fun.
idk how im going to work later like im dying my  throat  hurts, im dying of cramps bc bitch got her period again,  runny   nose  i just want death
headache    sinus pain    runny   nose    body aches   death
I'm sick right now and along with a  runny  stuffy  nose  & post nasal drip with  coughing  & a  sore  throats I get to sound like a man 
eugh  headache .  runny   nose
Yeah I'm sick.  Sneezing  and  coughing  and  runny   nose  and head all in a whirl and today I was cold and hot at work.
Guys, Im sick   Im thinking no night streams until I get better. Hope to be online tomorrow, though :3  I think its a slight cold btw. Been congested with  runny   nose  &  sore   throat  & my upper body is achy. But Ill be okay!
Next week is responsi week and I have at least 14 practicum report to do and here I am, laying in the bed with a great  headache  and  runny   nose .
me: has a  flu . cant talk. has a  runny   nose . is dying. also me: eats icecream under a cold weather
I had such a fun time teaching the second graders about the winter bugs today with an anatomical model to help explain when mucus is helpful and when it can cause a  sore   throat , and how that's different from a  sore   throat  that doesn't come with a  runny   nose ...  pic.twitter.com/DrL5ehjAto
A non-mustached Mercey. I'm sick.  Nose  is  runny  and I been  coughing .   Any remedy suggestions, guys.  http:// fb.me/FA8Jj9nk 
Im getting sick ,  throat   sore  , eyes watery,  nose   runny  . 
When I say Ive got a cold, I dont mean its just a  runny   nose , I mean my  throat  feels like sandpaper, my  nose  and lips are  sore /dry and my  nose  is blocked and  runny  and I feel terrible and have NO energy
Still sick.  God-tier  fever ,  headache  and  runny   nose .  I need some pills.
She got a  runny   nose . I dont think that its the  flu . 
Throat  hurts. Head hurts.  Runny   nose . Now that the mausam is getting too chilly, mandatory  fever  returns. Argh!
I have the worst  headache ,  sore   throat , and  runny   nose  and my body hurts so bad. I seriously feel like 
Runny   nose  ill or  coughing  up blood ill?
every sec ka nagssneeze grabe hahahaha sakit sa ilong at  throat  kailangang may sampong rolls ng tissue sa tabi mo di lang uhog tulo mo pati luha tapos madalas  runny   nose ,, sakit sa ulo!! hahahaa
|| Its not your fault, hun. Its all the stress at work and deadlines. My brain feels foggy. Im tired. Im  sneezing .  Coughing . Light  runny   nose .  Sore   throat . Sound familiar? Lol
Nose  is  runny  and  headache . Hopefully this colds over soon... Might be time for a quick nap.
OK so at first I thought I was getting sick then I realized I wasnt but now I have a  sore   throat  and a  runny   nose  so JOKES ON ME 
How I know I'm sick: -  runny   nose  -  sore   throat  - constant  sneezing  - woke up and had double eyelids
I may be sick and be  coughing  and have a  runny   nose  but my singing voice is still good
i think i'm getting sick HAaaa cannot wait to spend the whole weekend doing uni work with a  fever  and a  runny   nose
wtf where is my  flu  coming from  I DIDNT WAKE UP ONLY TO HAVE A FULL BLOWN  RUNNY   NOSE  
What I was talking about is not so severe, to my understanding. Nasal congestion,  sneezing ,  runny   nose , etc. Allergic rhinitis in response to alcohol.
I have a  runny   nose  and a scratchy  throat  and Im running a low grade  fever . Im getting a cold.  .
I hate being sick! I am getting ready to go out and work a bit and my  fever  and  runny   nose  came back! :( Maybe...  http:// fb.me/8ZQPygXPh 
gonna be inactive tmr cuz im sick like im super nauseous, dizzy and i have  fever  and  runny   nose
Throat 's feeling a bit better, still have a  runny   nose . Having a lie down at present.
Antibiotics cant help your cold,  sore   throat ,  runny   nose  or  flu . Get tips for symptom relief:  http:// 1.usa.gov/1B099HI   #SaveAbx pic.twitter.com/tx4By46wkb
Throat  hurts,  nose   runny , voice hoarse, won't admit I'm getting sick.
Oh hell nooo... i have a  sore   throat  and a  runny   nose  
when i'm sick i have a  fever ,  runny /stuffy  nose , and watery/itchy eyes... but i don't this time so am i really sick
*googles  fever  and  runny   nose * Google: Its cancer
Your run of the mill "crve" is all,  sore   throat ,  runny   nose , tired physically/mentally
She got a  runny   nose  I dont think its the  flu
Woke up with a  runny   nose , and  sore   throat . On the bright side, I get to see my babies tonight!!!
And u'd happily got a  runny   nose   sore   throat  deadly  headache  after?
Have a cold, #flu , or  runny   nose ? You can feel better without an antibiotic. Learn more:  https:// go.usa.gov/xn4Gp  . #BeAntibioticsAware pic.twitter.com/wM9BiSNmeN
So everyone at my house was super sick right so here I was talking shit telling them to stay away and all and guess who woke up sick HOW GREAT  runny   nose  and  sore   throat  like why why why
Headache ,  runny   nose ,  sore   throat  not feeling it!!
HOLY SHIT ITS THE EXACT OPPOSITE FOR ME. It's 4pm, my  nose  is  runny  and my  throat  hurts if I have my mouth closed but when it's open, I get a bit of relief.
Well I guess its my turn. Woke up with a sinus infection this morning. *sinus pressure * headache  *stuffy  nose  * runny   nose  
i was demoralized yesterday, after addmath. i cried in the hall, i cried after i left the hall, i cried at home, slept after isya' and  just woke up this morning. my eyes were swollen. i got sick. having  flu  and  runny   nose . i was so dissapointed, with myself.
Runny   nose  and  sore   throat  are sickening af 
Havent been sick( flu ) for a very long time. Then mom gets the  flu  shot and 1.5 week later im sick yay! I really love  runny   nose  and  sneezing  my sanity out
Symptoms of sinusitis are:     Runny   nose  with GREEN/YELLOW/BLOODY mucus    Head & Facial pain/pressure   Fever    Unexplained bad breath
Thank you hun. At least I only have a  runny   nose  & a slightly  sore   throat . Hope you feel better soon too 
I woke up with a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose .... why me?!?!
runny   nose  ans  sore   throat  and I havent finished with my errand holyshitttt (AND MY INTERNET STILL DEAD HAHAFUK)
Day 16 and Im still sick. Sinus  headache .. scratchy  throat , stupid cough, stupid congestion.  Runny   nose .   wtffffff
Still in bed.  I could not get rid of it. YES I HAD MY  FLU  JAB. Cough,   runny   nose ,   headache  and all over pain...  http:// fb.me/17VaKf8V0 
You're welcome man, it sucks that I don't have just the  runny   nose  but I also got the  headache . I'm so fucked up today. 
Sore   throat  and  runny   nose .. This shit sucks :(  pic.twitter.com/vSq3zL6BKE
I lost my voice, lots of  coughing  and  runny   nose . Mild  fever . Lasted 3 days
I love  sneezing  when I have resporatory issues. Haha hello  runny   nose  and itchy  throat .   kaaalis mo lang ah.
JGH with a  headache  and a  runny   nose
runny   nose  plus non-stop  sneezing  kingina
Sneezing . Nursing a stuffy yet  runny   nose .  Head congested. Its just allergies.... right?
I feel so cold and I have a  runny   nose  and  headache . I hope this won't escalate to  fever , I still have a lot of...  http:// fb.me/7vO8xnJmN 
Urgghhhh have a seriously  sore   throat  and  runny   nose  this morning ... and we have run out of milk so no coffee   pic.twitter.com/PQB34zXkXr
3:21 am EST.   day 2 (maybe 3?)  -total body pain gone - fever  gone -incessant  sneezing  and  runny   nose  have returned -pile of snotty tissues on the side of my bed has returned  -used carmex in place of vicks -paper is only 2/3 written -chem exam in 7 hours has not been studied for
im down with the  flu  bc I didnt dress properly for the weather so remember to dress warmly AND TO TAKE CARE OF URSELF IN THE COLD!! No body wants a  runny   nose  
Nose  Relief, from HomeoPet, LLC:  Homeopathic remedy provides relief from the symptoms of sinus or upper respiratory infections, colds and allergies including:  runny   nose , wtery eyes,  sneezing  and congestion.  Nose  Relief box. Box. Feline  Nose  Relief box.  http:// bit.ly/2AUeFEt  pic.twitter.com/rZRPotsztU
Runny   nose ,  headache  all in one not fine idk how the test gonna turn out
do you have to block your face when  sneezing  with a burka? what if you have a  runny   nose ? can you wear glasses when burkaing? face tattoo? lip reading? muggings?
I have  runny   nose  and  sore   throat , Im truly wishing my self good luck with everything
Sore   throat   runny   nose  and feel as if someone is sitting on my chest happy Friday 
Alhamdullah, yesterday morning I returned home safely. But, guess with all this weather change hit with  runny   nose  and  sore   throat . Though, is a blessing being sick while in Ziyarh as reports state.
Lying in bed with a  runny   nose ,  sore   throat  and a  sore  neck
My  throat  hurts, eyes feel like they are puffy,  runny   nose , feel like i have clouds in my head
Not good,  runny   nose ,  sore   throat  and body aches!
Fever ,  runny   nose ,  headache ,  sore   throat , chills....    I haven't been this sick since 2015. #fixItJesus
Damn. The ppl next to me both have  runny   nose . I did not get my  flu  shot yet 
My good pal virus decided to take a trip up to my sinuses tonight and left the gift of a  runny   nose  but returned to my  throat  for a good nights rest. Hoping tomorrow will be better
might be coming down with something. my  nose  is pretty  runny  and my  throat  hurts a bit.
If you see I look  fatigue , have a deadly  coughing  with a  runny   nose , why waste you breath to ask am I sick
Update: here i am  sneezing  and a  runny   nose  
Just as Im finally getting over my congestion and  sore   throat  Ive had the last two weeks, i get a cough,  runny   nose , and cant breath. THANKS COLD WEATHER AND GERMS. 
im  sneezing  like crazy and my  throat  is scratchy and my  nose  is  runny ...... no....
She got a  runny   nose  I don't think that it's the  flu
I waited too long to get a  flu  shot.  Fever .  Runny   nose .  Headache . Body aches.  Sneezing . WTAF. I can never catch a break.
i have a migraine, been  coughing  all day and have a  runny   nose  nd my mom still wouldn't let me stay home
  I have a cold. I have a stuffy  nose . I have a  runny   nose . I can't stop  coughing .
I have a  sore   throat , cough, and a  runny   nose .  I dont like to take over-the-counter medications, so, last night I did something different.  I took some Ricola cough drops and a swig of Crown Royal whiskey.   I slept like a baby.   Will repeat tonight.
So sick, haven't stopped  coughing ,  runny   nose  and slight  fever  
GIRL GO GET THIS!!!!! I started a cold on Saturday and had a  sore   throat  for Sunday only, then only a stuffy/ runny   nose  Monday-Tuesday & as of yesterday Ive only had the end of cold stage cough!! I normally have the  sore   throat  and  runny   nose  FOR DAAAAYS this stuff kicks butt    pic.twitter.com/JbHwGTP1un
The blue haired boy shifted in his sleep when he felt her kiss him.   He had been sick for the past few days but he was a lot better at this point, no nausea really. At that point he had some back pain, a  fever , and a  runny   nose .
Also the  runny   nose  always leads to a  sore   throat  
A6: Dunno to split on being  stuffed  up or the ridiculous  runny   nose  #ItsNeverJustACough
A6  sore   throat ! Or the red  runny   nose ! Both unpleasant #ItsNeverJustACough
We should also mention that it is formulated to relieve  runny   nose , itchy eyes and  sneezing  as well! #ad  #ItsNeverJustACough
my dry lips split open, and my wisdom teeth are growing in in such a way that i can't completely close my jaw without biting my inner cheek, and i've got a bit of a  sore   throat  and a  runny   nose  and i'm low on sleep
My  throat ...This  runny   nose  too... Allahu.
  Have you been  coughing  at all?I have a  runny   nose ....  http:// fb.me/3D9duRfuc 
kid u not i snorted w a  stuffed  &  runny   nose  and i About died  pic.twitter.com/t6nSWavZfL
Coughing   sneezing   runny   nose  
//just thankful that its over Just grateful that its through Got a  runny   nose , Dont think that its the  flu //
Damn this  runny   nose  and  headache . 
Yesterday: Soar  throat  and  runny   nose  This morning: 99.9% sure I had a  fever  Now: I cant breathe Most wonderful time of the year
She gotta  runny   nose , I dont think its the  flu
I WOULD LIKE TO PET AN ANIMAL W/O HAVING SOME WEIRD ALLERGIC REACTION AND  RUNNY   NOSE  AND I HATE  SNEEZING
I think I'm the only one who didn't get this  flu . My best friend got an ear infection with pus coming out. I got a  runny   nose  & a cough. Meh.
I just survived @SeaWorld  with a 5 month & a hyper 9 year old. Plus a  sore   throat ,  runny   nose , & real messed up blood pressure. 
Sinuses +  headache  +  runny   nose  + its cold dab Im bouta die I cant even move rn
dizziness   leg injury    fever    cough   migraine   dizziness agaain   blood blood blood   shivering    fever  again   some terrible  coughing     runny   nose    bYE
runny   nose  and  sore   throat ...   I hate being sick
When you can tell you about to get sick w/o  coughing  or  runny   nose  
Woke up with a  fever ,  runny   nose  and  sore   throat    going to be taking care of lucas all day but I'll try and get a cast in late tonight. Sorry about the inconsistent schedule lately it will get better fam I promise.
I feel so dang bad today.  Headache , backache, crick in my neck,  runny   nose , and what I presume to be a double ear infection. I have no time for this. Hearts on Fire starts tomorrow and I gotta clean house!
Sore   throat , intermittently  runny   nose , muscles feel weak, general lethargy,  headache ...
Im a  coughing ,  sneezing ,  runny   nose  mess. Cant wait for the loving ima get later.
& now that he has a ugly cough and  runny   nose  & he's so fussy, idunno what to do.   hopefully he doesnt get a  fever .
why i gotta wake up w a  runny , stuffy ass  nose  n a fuckin  sore   throat
Y'all be in bed ready to write your last will and testament over a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose  yet we're overreacting on our period  pic.twitter.com/PuexlQ6unP
hectic week..messed up one of my test.. fever .. flu .. runny   nose .. headache ..all in one time..
runny   nose ,  sore   throat  pfft
Love #Oscillo  for flu-like symptoms? Then you'll love Coldcalm for  sneezing ,  runny   nose  & minor  sore   throat .  http:// bit.ly/241tRJw  pic.twitter.com/8eMM35T58l
The symptoms of  flu  can include  fever  or feeling feverish/chills, cough,  sore   throat ,  runny  or stuffy  nose , muscle or body aches, headaches and  fatigue  (tiredness). If you have symptoms stop by our office, as you could qualify for our clinical trial.   http:// FamilyMedical.clinic  pic.twitter.com/kHLuJZK3bf
how is my  nose   stuffed  up but  runny  at the same time...doesnt make sense to me lol
I woke up with a  sore   throat  and a  runny   nose  
I think this sickness is just a cold of sorts. I have no other pain i.e., like stomach or  fever . Only  headache  and somewhat  runny   nose .
Zeke woke up yesterday with a  runny   nose , he wakes up today with a  runny   nose   fever  and cough.
Sore   throat , shivers ,  runny   nose , is this manflu or just a cold ? Just so I know how to pitch it for sympathy  pic.twitter.com/joQLsaObPH
Woke up with a  sore   throat ,  runny   nose , and a cough. Awesome.
Antibiotics cant help your cold,  sore   throat ,  runny   nose  or  flu . Get #tips  for symptom relief from @CDCgov :  http:// ow.ly/eZ7M30g0Ujw  pic.twitter.com/NhHnVJv1Ti
Women dont understand that  Flu  effects the male chromosome different to a womens chromosome. As certified by top medical specialist it could be fatal in males yet just a  runny   nose  for women. 
This  flu  hit my bones hle  headache  and  runny   nose  and a cough...  pic.twitter.com/W9giKi0yDN
when a  sore   throat  turns into a  runny   nose  and so on. fuck being sick
there is nothing worse than a  runny   nose  &  sore   throat . fml. 
Can't say I didn't inform them. Spent the night with a  stuffed   runny   nose  and the day with a  fever  all cuz my freaking bed smells like newspaper. I have a feeling it'll take a few days to go away
In bed do you suffer from -    Sneezing ?  Runny  or  Stuffed   nose ?  Red, Itchy or Stiff eyes? Wheezing,  Coughing , Tightness in the chest? Itching?  If you answered Yes to any of the above then you should really consider changing your bed or mattress.   #ThursdayThoughts  #DustMites pic.twitter.com/ADahiZyp4q
have  sore   throat  +  fever  +  runny   nose   but i still want to finish Moira keychain by tomorrow  will also have the etsy and tictail link up by tomorrow, 6pm GMT +8 this will be for pre-orders at ~$10 + shipping #overwatch pic.twitter.com/Id2YLrKk3V
My son came home from Scouts  sneezing , itchy eyes, and a  runny   nose  after horse-backing riding with his Scout troop - so glad to have a natural, good for your body solution at my fingertips! Thank you Lemon, Lavender, and Peppermint!   pic.twitter.com/EHAjIDHXKJ
Scratchy  throat  and  runny   nose ... Oh the joys of allergies.  pic.twitter.com/dakr8SfyEx
Have a cold, #flu , or  runny   nose ? You can feel better without an antibiotic. Learn more:  https:// go.usa.gov/xn4Gp   #BeAntibioticsAware pic.twitter.com/cKM2qBg1aY
Have a cold, #flu , or  runny   nose ? You can feel better without an antibiotic. Learn more:  https:// go.usa.gov/xn4Gp   #BeAntibioticsAware pic.twitter.com/UPcUf2Fk7B
I'm sick...  Sore   throat  1 day and a half, cough the next day, today  runny   nose  and words cough, and tomorrow probably stuffy  nose . Stuffy  nose  was kinda all through out all of it. For some odd reason I got the  sore   throat  while playing roblox at 2 PM. lol
Hi which cold medicine is the Mariah needs to sing tonight cold medicine? Current symptoms are just stuffy/ runny   nose ,  headache , and scratchy  throat .
I need y'all to learn what depression actually means. Imagine you have a  runny   nose  and  sore   throat  and someone suggests you just "think" healthier. Sounds foolish as hell, right? Exactly.
Antibiotics cant help your cold,  sore   throat ,  runny   nose  or  flu . Get tips for symptom relief:  http:// 1.usa.gov/1B099HI   #SaveAbx
# BucksACS  There needs to be a national campaign to highlight the struggle receptionists and Doctors fight every day with people calling for an appointment because they have a  sore   throat  or  runny   nose . Majority of calls like these are from recent immigrants (family member in NHS)
Runny   nose , Pounding head, Vomitting with a soar  throat - dont you just love winter ?..
I HAVENT GOTTEN SICK IN TWO YEARS AND ALL OF A SUDDEN IM IN ACTUAL HELL OVER  THROAT  PAIN AND A  RUNNY   NOSE
well i dont feel like i have the  flu , just an annoying cold with a  runny   nose . enough to ruin my sleep for 3 nights basically.
The combination of  Runny   nose  and  fever  really sucks
i have a  runny   nose  and  fever , greatttt
Runny   nose , soar  throat , body aches and chills.... Wonderful. It's that time of year.
not only do i have a  sore   throat  but also a  runny   nose , a  headache , and an ear that seems to be suffering from hearing loss.. lord have mercy
I swear i dont caych a break now he has a  fever  and a  runny   nose
im toooo busy to have my  throat  on fire and a  runny   nose  omg im gonna cry
Lately i have this lack of appetite for food. Good for my diet, but my body defense is getting weaker. Having slight  runny   nose  and  sore   throat  for the past 3 days 
Not  sneezing  but  runny   nose  
runny   nose , itchy  throat , & menstrual cramps hays life 
I don't feel good. Having a  runny   nose , A cough. A  fever . And a migraine. And my period. Wtf. Ayoko na bes.
Wow yaar he diagnosed a  fever  and had some good options to treat - amazing! Can you please ask him what i should take for a  runny   nose ?
My  throat  hurts & I have a  headache  & my teeth still hurt & I have a  fever  & my  nose  is  runny  so I have came to the conclusion that I'm dying.
This weather got me a  runny   nose  & starting to have a  sore   throat  fahkkk
Stop #Cold  & #Flu   Easily, Naturally. You are feeling tired, run down and hot. You have got  runny   nose , cough, an  http:// wp.me/p2ZqgN-1pN 
I fell ill! Ive been sick in bed all day with a horrible  runny   nose ,  headache , body ache and I cant stop  sneezing . I hateeeeeeeee
i feel like im getting sick but not to the point where i can skip school so im just laying here with a  runny   nose  & dry  throat  knowing there is no true relief like  pic.twitter.com/OznBzB5G5y
Fock this  runny   nose  and  sore   throat
My highlighter is popping today but I have a  runny   nose    cos I wanted to be smart last night and chill outside with my guy friends. Look now a touch of  flu
Body hurts,  runny   nose , watery eyes, head ache,  coughing . Yeah I'm sick again
Ppl with rhinitis wants to go to ENT specialist just because they have a  runny   nose  when its cold. Pdhl skdr  sneezing  bs kelar di GP 
I want coke but my  throat  and  runny   nose  
Uh oh.  Sore   throat  and a  runny   nose  is not good. Fml when will I catch a break!!?
When life gives you sinus headaches,  coughing , &  runny   nose , you can drink so tussin or get  https://www. instagram.com/p/BbitnZoh_-G/ 
I refuse to let this  runny   nose  and  sneezing  stop me from fulfilling my goal of cooking a turkey in a trash can tomorrow!!  + =
I love this weather trust me I do but I hate the part where the  runny   nose  and  sore   throat  kicks in.
Still a little bit sick.  Sore   throat  is gone, but the laryngitis has stuck. Still have a  runny   nose  & bad cough & am still tired all the time.
I have a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose :(
Head hurts. Body aches.  Runny   nose .  Sore   throat .  Coughing  endlessly.  The worst URTI ever 
A  runny   nose , a  fever , and my brain feels like its fucking the shit out of my eye sockets. Calling off of work wouldve been a power move
i got a  headache    my  nose   runny    && my eyes keep watering 
No judgement taken!But yes,absolutely!I mean he had a little cough/ runny   nose  first few weeks. The last week he was spiking a  fever  daily, treated n is now on the up n up!I always have him checked if im concerned!That way this Mama can sleep a little easier! #ItDoesntHaveToHurt
RT: BoironUSA Love OscilloUSA for flu-like symptoms? Then you'll love Coldcalm for  sneezing ,  runny   nose  & minor  sore   throat .  http:// bit.ly/241tRJw 
Love @OscilloUSA  for flu-like symptoms? Then you'll love Coldcalm for  sneezing ,  runny   nose  & minor  sore   throat .  http:// bit.ly/241tRJw 
my  nose  is  stuffed  and  runny  and i hate being sick 
Lets see...  - Sneezed for 24 hours -  Runny   nose  and nasal  headache  this afternoon. - Water pressure in the...  http:// fb.me/4gaZ9MNzg 
sore   throat ,  runny   nose  and all that other bullshit for me.
I got sick yesterday all of a sudden?? Like I had a  fever  and a  sore   throat  and a  runny   nose  it came out of nowhere
Little donnie dump is high on COCAINE.  He's dry in the  throat  but has a  runny   nose . First drug addiction pres. Soooooo SAD.
Ugh. I legit just get full on sick. Currently have a  stuffed / runny   nose . Head ache. Cramps. My knees hurt. #mywholelifehurts
So annoyed because my  throat  hurts, i have  runny   nose , and my ears hurt. Yay me!
Runny   nose  and  sneezing . Can't get sick. Perhaps a hot toddy? Or just the whisky.
I had no  runny   nose  symptoms before I went to take my Stats exam today and ONCE I entered the class my  nose  decided to gather all of Niagara Falls and be  runny  as fuck! I got a  headache  and couldnt concentrate so I probably failed! -.-
Woke up with this  runny   nose  and  headache
headache .  runny   nose .  sore   throat . yep, its that time of year 
me: maybe i'm not sick and i just skipped work and oh god i have so much guilt now also me: keeps sniffling/ sneezing  from a  runny   nose , forehead is v warm, and  throat  is killing me
What I hate about winter - the almost permanent  sore   throat ,  runny   nose  and mild coughs. Sigh.
Runny   nose ...   Coughing ... Feeling worn out... Glad to have the night off so I can rest up :)  feeling sick
Viagra side effects ; Nausea Flushing  Headache  Dizziness Indigestion Muscle aches **Stuffy or  runny   nose **
Right now I do not have a  runny   nose  or a  sore   throat . I'm going to think about that for a moment and appreciate it. Because you can bet your arse I'll get a cold soon, and I'll wonder why I didn't make more of these special times.
Just mid cough   this babas just vomitted everywere again wont leave his mummys side crying,  coughing   runny   nose ,...  http:// fb.me/6E5hVc6te 
My cold has progressed from tickling  throat  through congestion and  runny   nose  and on toward dry, hacking cough, so I hope it is finally reaching its end here by the end of this week because Id like to smell things again  pic.twitter.com/Ww241swk4O
Well, I'm not crying!  I just have sand in both my eyes, and a  runny   nose , and a soar  throat .  But I'm not crying!
Ha, Thanks? LOL (I am older now, so, my over 65-year-old mother and I get the Quad+ shot. It affected me this year.) I feel like Carnation Instant Hammered Shit. Stuffy/ Runny   Nose ,  sneezing , cold chills...it sucks.
Have a cold, #flu , or  runny   nose ? You can feel better without an antibiotic. Learn more:  https:// go.usa.gov/xn4Gp  . #BeAntibioticsAware
So I've come down with cold/ flu  like symptoms such as a  headache ,  runny /stuffy  nose ,  sore   throat , etc. And because of that I chose to take this day off and rest. I though everything would be okay, but I guess not. Because I missed a Comm 111 speech. And now I'll fail it for......
Headache  +  flu  +  runny   nose  
First, its a  runny   nose . Then a cough. Why does #flu  season strike in #winter ?  http:// ow.ly/uhns30gzB25    
Thank you for asking. Im still pretty meh to be honest. I have this weird dizzy sensation, not sleeping well and feeling tired as a result. Its like having a  flu  without the  runny   nose  part. Im going to try an early night again and hope that helps.
My roomie wanna sleep with the window open two nights in a row got me having a  runny   nose  &  throat  all hurting & siitt 
Yeah me too.  Headache ,  sore   throat , cough and  runny   nose . I feel like death
I have the  flu  and I sitting here eating hot cheetos like my  nose  ain  runny  enough already
"No I have a cold. You know, the  runny   nose , the  sore   throat " #oldtimehockey  #slapshot  #thehaguechiefs  #icinghappenwhenthepuckgodownyouknowbangbeforetheotherguy pic.twitter.com/K0DbTim2fw
Runny   nose  & my  throat  is on fire.... i dont wanna die like dis
I had a similar respiratory attack at BLFC (post-nasal drip, scratchy  throat ,  runny   nose , etc.). Could have been due to the change in climate. With winter now here, could be due to the changing of the seasons.
4 Seasonal Allergy Relief Solutions to Treat  Sneezing ,  Coughing , and  Runny   Nose   Which One Works?!  http:// naturalfloridaallergyrelief.com/index.php/4-se asonal-allergy-relief-solutions-to-treat-sneezing-coughing-and-runny-nose/  
My  throat  hurts and my  nose  is so  runny  :((( whenever I'm sick it's always so bad hhhhhh
throughout my scholastic career I have STAYED as the annoying girl in the library with a  runny   nose  and a  sore   throat
It starting to get cold n shit and once the weather changes boom here I go with a fkin cold and  runny   nose  n  throat  feelin bit soar smfh
Got my  flu  shot a few weeks back and today, woke up with THE worst  sore   throat ,  runny  AND  stuffed   nose , and  sneezing  my brains out. *Hangs Head* I don't have time for this.
Antibiotics cant help your cold,  sore   throat ,  runny   nose  or  flu . Get tips for symptom relief from @CDCgov .  http:// bit.ly/2zpX7Cr   #SaveAbx pic.twitter.com/n6Dt0yfCuH
Antibiotics cant help your cold,  sore   throat ,  runny   nose  or  flu . Get tips for symptom relief from @CDCgov .  http:// bit.ly/2zpX7Cr   #SaveAbx pic.twitter.com/XCbliJYcqQ
Z has a  runny   nose  and a  fever  today and it makes me so sad 
jk its  flu  season fk this  runny   nose
I have a  fever  and oh! Also a  sore   throat  and a  runny   nose .  What a full fucking combo dear. 
Last night I fell asleep with my face mask on lol. I was so tired. Woke up this morning feeling like shit.  Sore   throat  and  runny   nose  
someone help me why am i losing my voice like my  throat  is  sore  but i dont have any cold symptoms like i dont have a  runny   nose  or a  fever  or anything. im rlly confused help a girl out
 Raspy Voice,  Runny   Nose ,  Sore   Throat . Imma Just Have To Change My Birthday to Another Day Like Diddy did 
My sinus infection yesterday:  headache , mildly  sore   throat ,  nose  a little  runny . My sinus infection today:  pic.twitter.com/4s4Wt0uatx
runny   nose  plus  sore   throat : 
Coffee    Or  Tea     Runny   nose , burning eyes and  sore   throat  
I just got over a cold. Why did I wake up to a  runny   nose  and  sore   throat ?! 
my loving and caring boyfriend was generous enough to pass on his  sore   throat  and  runny   nose  to me 
Chest pain.  Runny  and itchy  nose , with blurry and teary eyes. Not to forget  sore   throat . Allergic hits me real hard this time 
I thought I was getting better since my  sore   throat  is gone, but then my  nose  became super  runny .......this was me during raid today. Fite mi, Shinryu and Twintania  pic.twitter.com/shkmapgFUI
Fed up of having a  runny   nose ? Sick of  sneezing ? Tired of having a  sore   throat ? Here is a helpful guide on how long you can expect your symptoms to last and what you can do to get better:  http:// dev.selfcareforum.org/wp-content/upl oads/2017/10/1603_PAGB_Feel_Better_6pp_MASTER_screen.pdf    #SelfCareWeek pic.twitter.com/cNyNJr8OgL
Heres to the mom who brought her feverish, hardcore  coughing ,  runny   nose  little kid to school this week. Heres to you bc now Im feeling the same way  if your child has a  fever  KEEP THEM AT HOME
Ugh  headache  +  runny   nose    im going to sleep early tonight, my body is burning i hte hving cold at time like this..  hv a good night gaes, be careful dont catch a cold 
Sore   throat , cough,  runny   nose , diarrhea. Ugh.
Most people with #NasalPolyps  have  runny   nose ,  sneezing , and postnasal drip.
Stuffed  up  runny   nose ,  sneezing ,  coughing , watery red eyes... Chopping onions is like having a bad cold for like 5 minutes
@ BootsUK  I have a  runny   nose ,  headache  and feel rather run down. Which one of these would you advise?  pic.twitter.com/jJPzKVElpk
Also I think I might be sick? Just a cough and a  sore   throat  and a watery eyes and a  runny  stuffy  nose  and
temperature 38.  sore   throat , head and  runny   nose . I think this is some sort of virus      pic.twitter.com/tfJp54gVur
//tweeting this with  runny   nose  and growing  fever . I should have sleep lol//
my usual course of  flu  - day 1  sore   throat , day 2 & 3  fever , cough &  runny   nose , day 4 recovery with mild cough till day 7
My  throat  hurts and my  nose  is  runny  and I dont know what I did to deserve this !!!
Blocked yet  runny   nose ,  throat  like sand paper,  coughing  every 10 minutes, achy body...I do believe I have a sodding cold 
I hate being sick the whole freezing then boiling hot, sore   throat ,  runny   nose , cant get comfortable sleep thing is getting old quick  pic.twitter.com/1vpSHo8WyU
# NasalPolyps  symptoms: #nasalobstruction , #nasalcongestion ,  sneezing , postnasal drip,  runny   nose , facial pain, chronic infections.
Could be, just  runny   nose  and  headache . Will get over the dentist at 9.30 then back to bed.
Sore   throat , ear ache,  runny   nose , exhausted. And Ive only been up 30 minutes...
You may have an H5N1 infection if you experience typical flu-like symptoms such as:  cough diarrhea respiratory difficulties  fever  (over 100.4F or 38C)  headache  muscle aches malaise  runny   nose   sore   throat
I  just want to know why I  have a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose  in this Houston weather. It drops 3 degrees outside and my body suddenly doesnt know how to act.
  I have a cold. I have a stuffy  nose . I have a  runny   nose . I can't stop  coughing .
She got a  runny   nose , I dont think its the  flu .
Its gone from  sore   throat  to  runny   nose  in 12 hours I HATE THE WINTER SEASON WHY CANT CHRISTMAS IN CANADA BE LIKE CHRISTMAS IN AUSTRALIA
I waited outside Union Hall in the cold for 2 hours to see @thisisLANY  . Now I have a  runny   nose ,  sore   throat , and insane  fever .  It was worth it tho. LOVE YOU GUYS.
My  nose  is so  runny  and I keep shuffling and  sneezing  
Now I cant stop  sneezing , have an awful cough, and super bad  runny   nose . God, what did I do to deserve this??
I'm perfectly fine at work, after work but the second I lay in bed I start  coughing  up a storm and get a  runny   nose . Why is my body like this why.
runny   nose  and  sneezing  all the time..
i hope bts episode airs soon :( i got a  runny   nose  n my  throat  hurts..my times running out. I wont b here much longer ..
Runny   nose , possible  fever ... #Thankful  for my mother-in-law being in town so that I can get some rest. #ItsTheLittleThings  #Family
Quinns  runny   nose  is gone, but his  coughing  is really bad! It sucks because they are too little to be given cough medicine so all you can do is wait it out. Ugh!!!
yeah i usually get a scratchy  throat   runny   nose  very mildly for a day or two as well so i'm never like, eagerly rushing out the door to get vaccinated haha
Aliana has been  coughing  and sneeezinf  runny   nose  like a mf  I feel so bad.
Mikah has had a  runny   nose  all day and a low  fever . 
kind of. im having  runny   nose ,  sore   throat  and i feel bit weak :(
Crying sucks. Your  nose  gets  runny , eyes swell,  throat  burns.
I hate when I know Im starting to get sick    Ive had a  fever  all day and a  runny   nose  along with  sneezing  what seems like a million times.... #AndItBegins
I thought Id dodged this cold many of my colleagues are suffering from, but tonight  runny   nose , achy ears,  sore   throat ...  pic.twitter.com/eVVuWgFXpG
Aching head,  sore   throat ,  sore  ears,  runny   nose ... All gone! Hoping for 20 years with no cold or  flu !
Thank God Im feeling a lot better than what I was. The  fever , body aches, headaches,    sneezing ,  runny   nose , stomach pains   idk what kind of virus I had.
Id really like it if this  sneezing  would stop & if this  runny   nose  would go away 
The most annoying thing is having a  runny   nose  and  sore   throat . 
 I have...  a  headache  a stuffy  nose  a  runny   nose  a  sore   throat  a  fever  a rash
20 MINUTES AFTER I RTED THIS SUDDENLY I STARTED  SNEEZING  AND HAVING A  RUNNY   NOSE  THIS TWEET IS CURSED  https:// twitter.com/sugarpIant/sta tus/929841116849037312  
I had a  runny   nose /stuffy  nose  all yesterday but I felt better after playing basketball,  throat  a little scratchy this morning but Im Gucci gang now
My  nose  hasn't been  runny  but it's been  stuffed  up real bad. x_x Still better than  runny  though just...I long for breathing.  https:// twitter.com/sugarpIant/sta tus/929841116849037312  
So my  nose  is  runny , my ears are drippy, and my  throat  feels like Freddy Krueger gave me a deep tissue massage. I'm pretty sure I'm sick 
Sneezing  and a  runny   nose ! I aint got time
Dr appointment scheduled.   Sore   throat ,   runny   nose ,  chest- congestion... Always happens before Thanksgiving!  
Decided that it was time to go to the gym regularly. Went yesterday, woke up with a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose  this morning. Sweet.
Ohhh goodie! After a very long day of errands yesterday, I woke up with cough and colds plus a  runny   nose  with some  headache .   Para sa Bayan pa rin mga beks! Werpa
i can't think i can't do anything I didn't want to come to school today because of how sick I was But my damn doctor said I'd be fine well guess what I'm not fine bitch I'm stressed as fuck and  sneezing  like shit with a  runny   nose  and a  headache
I was nearly sick to my stomach this morning plus I have a  runny   nose  and a soar  throat  I think something is going around
I've officially got a  runny   nose  + am  sneezing  up a storm. Time for the dramatics. God bless everyone in my house.
Update on being sick. Feeling a lot better, but still with the  runny   nose  and  coughing  non stop. Yes I know, so attractive.  Makes recording impossible though as I have to cough every 2 seconds. But sure better than a week ago.  
Many great things, but some of them are ;   1) no  runny   nose     Influenza  vaccine might helps  2)clean toilet n kitchen
Whats the best thing for  runny   nose  and itchy  throat  (not  sore )   Zyrtec D did nothing for me and I need medicine asap!!
Im getting a cold. Not man  flu  but one of those horrible  runny   nose ,  sore   throat  sort of colds. 
i  agree about the taking breathing properly for granted hahaha but i think its harder to ignore a  runny   nose  than a  stuffed  one , lets see the results when its done tho 
me right now with a  runny   nose  and a  throat  that is so fucked up i cant even talk  https:// twitter.com/sugarpiant/sta tus/929841116849037312  
Got a tickle in your  throat ?  Runny   nose ? Feeling achy?  Stop by a Care Center @APSJWDobbs1  or @MilesTigersAPS  #theyheal https:// twitter.com/drcwest1/statu s/930215830939492354  
Good god I know its only a cold but really...sneezes,  runny   nose ,  sore   throat ? Total pain in the arse! #enoughtodealwith
I'm thinking of that  runny   nose  tweet from earlier bc my  nose  is running and  sneezing  like a motherfucker I miss those simpler times from two hours ago when my entire body weight in snot wasn't escaping my body
Do you know the feeling when you just KNOW that you're getting sick even though there is no clear sign (like a  runny   nose ,  fever ,  coughing  or something like that)?  I feel like that since Sunday...and I'm feeling worse and worse every single day x.x But nothing is happening '-'
You smoking dicks if you think a  runny   nose  is worse than a  stuffed   nose   https:// twitter.com/_alexbenavides /status/930513357563617280  
My mom has a condition where her  nose  is ALWAYS  stuffed  &  runny  and whenever I'm sick I just want to aggressively hug her all the time because that misery is what's is like ALL THE TIME for that poor woman.    https:// twitter.com/sugarpIant/sta tus/929841116849037312  
runny  and  stuffed   nose  is the worst 
Antibiotics cant help your cold,  sore   throat ,  runny   nose  or  flu . Get tips for symptom relief:  http:// 1.usa.gov/1B099HI 
I have a  runny   nose  a cough a  headache  and I think possibly some  fever . 
http://www. fever.symptomsofinfection.com  : Prevention of ASTHMA to away  Fever ,Cough,  Runny   Nose ., -  Harthys Pure...
This  sore   throat  and  runny   nose  needs to vanish
...my  nose  has been  stuffed  +  runny  for the last three days, i feel like trash  https:// twitter.com/sugarpiant/sta tus/929841116849037312  
Hate being at the doctors office with these allergies I keep  sneezing  and my  nose  is  runny , I feel like everyones looking at me like I have coodys an shit 
I have a  runny   nose  and a  sore   throat  I just want to sleep and watch Disney movies
My  nose  is  runny / stuffed , I cant smell a thing, and I have that groggy voice  not to mention I have to breathe through my mouth , I never take those non-runny  nose  days for granted
I haven't gotten sick in 9 months and seems like when I finally did I got hit with everything lol. I had a  headache ,  fever  ,  sore   throat  ,  runny   nose  , and a cough. Oh I sneezed so damn much.
actually sucks man, literally have to use a  nose  spray every day cause of my allergies to stop me  sneezing  an having a  runny   nose  24/7  https:// twitter.com/sugarpIant/sta tus/929841116849037312  
Sore   throat ,  runny   nose , nasty cough,  headache .  Just break my legs too while youre at it tbh
Sore   throat ,  headache ,  runny   nose , and possible  fever ... school nurse here i come 
Kid germs are something else. How they have a  runny   nose  but you end up with the  flu ? 
this so much. honestly, for years I think my life motto has been "handkerchief is happiness for a sneezy person" since in my opinion  runny   nose  is worse than having  fever
AAAAI_org : "ElinSilveous Allergies often cause  sneezing ,  runny   nose , congestion, and  coughing ; asthma may cause cough, wheeze #allergyread 
Allergies often cause  sneezing ,  runny   nose , congestion, and  coughing ; asthma may cause cough, wheeze #allergyready
Woke up feeling like crap my  nose  is  runny  and my  throat  is killing me   gr8
If its the sick feeling then Im there with you. Ive had a  runny /stuffy  nose  and a  headache  all day
Sore   throat  and  runny   nose . Seems to be my time. I am dying. Goodbye everyone.
My  Nose  So  Runny  &  Throat  So Sore .
Have a cold, #flu , or  runny   nose ? You can feel better without an antibiotic. Learn more:  https:// buff.ly/2zAtHBK  . #BeAntibioticsAware pic.twitter.com/tjB49TAnaZ
Okay....who got me sick? The left half of my  throat  is  sore  and my  nose  is  runny    I don't have time for this 
runny   nose  +  sore   throat  +  headache
Cough, runny   nose ,body pain,  headache   :'( .i cn't sleep :'(
Have a cold, #flu , or  runny   nose ? You can feel better without an antibiotic. Learn more:  https:// go.usa.gov/xn4Gp  . #BeAntibioticsAware pic.twitter.com/uTnFeTG44c
Afternoon Sandrine    Im fine    No  sore   throat  or  runny   nose  yet....   You?  pic.twitter.com/sObTK47k4Z
I'm on  fever  right now w/ coughs and  runny   nose .   (why am I even trying to breathe?)
I liked a @YouTube  video  http:// youtu.be/JY3O3zwD_XE?a    Sore   throat , runny   Nose  drink that will help.Drink every morning before
Have a cold, #flu , or  runny   nose ? You can feel better without an antibiotic. Learn more:  https:// go.usa.gov/xnrR4  . #BeAntibioticsAware pic.twitter.com/mMTrUC2wib
I'm definitely getting sick. My  throat  to the right side of my ear hurts and I have a  runny   nose .   Bad day for me.
Sneezing  and  Runny   Nose .   Ughhh.  feeling sleepy
Sore   throat , cough or  runny   nose ? Why antibiotics may not be the answer. #BeAntibioticsAware   http:// ow.ly/BGBI30guAS8  pic.twitter.com/Sk5mBjvH2t
I feel awful, my head hurts, my  throat  aches/hurts/burns, my  nose  is  runny  and I am cold as fuck.   I drank 800mg of ibuprofen but I need like 3600mg for it to work
She got a  runny   nose , I dont think that its the  flu
Body aches,  nose  feels  runny , constantly cold and a  sore   throat ...this is trash
my  nose  is  stuffed  AND  runny ... why does God hate me what did i DO  pic.twitter.com/kO4TgGdD3W
In addition to my  fever , strep  throat , and  runny   nose , I have swollen tonsils and ear infections on both ears 
Nothing to it but to do it! Woke up with a soar  throat ,  runny   nose  and mucous. Seriously  https://www. instagram.com/p/BbeoEW0gqQR/ 
Sneezing , watery eyes,  runny   nose , congestion....#FxckSinuses
Poor Brianna. Still running a  fever , exhausted, cough,  runny   nose  and misery. And now Im feeling gross too. Ugh!...  http:// fb.me/9c49VBbI0 
Had to sleep on the couch last night because i couldnt stop  coughing . Aaaaaand now i have cramps + coughs +  runny   nose  + 3hr class tonight and i am just 100% done with all of it 
sore   throat  and  runny   nose
my  nose  has been so stuffy and  runny  and ive been  sneezing  non stop pls send help.
Because I know that when we find someone who can see us ugly cry the kind where our voice catches in our  throat , and our  nose  is red and  runny that weve found someone special.
She got a  runny   nose  but I  dont think thats its the  flu
Llantrisant to Cardiff, countryside to city arghh haha I've got a constant  runny  blocked  nose ,  sore   throat  and  headache  boo x
Awakeish   Tea boiling   #BattleStation  humming   Feeling groggy    Sore   throat   Body ache    Runny   nose   This is a long list and its only Tuesday!   Whats on the agenda today?  Definitely more #StarWarsBattlefront2  campaign    See you soon pic.twitter.com/AeWG6CNvSH
My daughter gets sick wayyy to much, always sick, if its not a  runny   nose  every single day shes real deal sick with a  fever  or her stomach her she wants to throw up 
Got a  headache  and a  runny   nose  and actually feeling like my brain might start dripping out my  nose  in a minute 
I have a 5K I'm running in on Saturday, and I wake up this morning with a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose . Whyyyyyyyyyy  pic.twitter.com/kCJmiVwPcM
I just wanna know why my body hates me like I just got over being sick twice so chill out with the  sore   throat  &  runny   nose
Runny   nose , soar  throat , lightheadedness, groggy, chills, aches & pain. What does that sound like?
My whole pregnancy I've been  sneezing , not sick, don't have a  runny   nose , I just sneeze for no reason
Darn, I seem to have caught the dreaded 'lurgy' that's going round -  runny   nose ,  sore   throat , hoarse cough and muzzy head. Though it was just a cold yesterday.
Sore   throat ,  runny   nose , watery eyes and yes, all the package!
Sore   throat , nausea,  runny   nose ,  fatigue , and a low  fever ? Looks like I've got a case of the Worsttimetogetsickitis. Must be the fuckmylife variety.
Heres to sleeping with a full box of tissue by my bed cause my  nose  is all  stuffed , yet  runny  at the same time. #vegasfuckedmeup
LRT I literally JUST got over a  runny   nose . It's at the stage now where I'm fine but I gotta blow it ever so often cause it gets  stuffed  easily. WINTER HASNT EVEN STARTED YET
Runny   nose ,  sneezing ,  coughing ,  sore   throat  and it won't get better? It could be mold in your home:  http:// goo.gl/HrQwha 
But my, what a sick annoyance, continuously having to blow my  runny   nose , always  stuffed  in one nostril, maybe will finally kill him.
Scratchy  Throat , Sniffles,  Runny   Nose    I do not want to wake up sick
I thought just having a  runny   nose  is bad but imagine having a  runny   nose  and  sneezing  TEN times in a row
Headache   Runny   nose  Itchy  throat   Coughing @Serena Beach Resort and Spa  https://www. instagram.com/p/BbdvftTBj5M/ 
Yesterday  runny   nose , today  headache , slight cough, hurting ears and dizzyness  No one invited you, you evil cold Gdi
Got hayfever for the first time in years - the  runny   nose  and  sneezing  kind, not the usual itchy eyes. Dammit.
Runny   nose ,  fever  and all smh 
the difference between  runny   nose  season and allergy season is that allergy season has waves of intensity and also there is more  sneezing
Symptoms:  Sneezing ,  sore   throat ,  runny   nose .
       . a <-  runny   nose  ,  sneezing    .. allergies <-
Runny  and stuffy  nose ,  headache , right side of my teeth is killing me
I cant stop  sneezing  and I have a  runny   nose .
jk no longer living my  sore   throat  and allergies evolved into a high  fever  and  runny   nose  i am being punished for my hubris
My  throat  doesn't hurt no more but I still got a  runny   nose  
When that  fever  and  runny   nose  has you awake at 3am because you neglected to get that  flu  jab when everyone else was getting theirs. 
if you have a  runny   nose  or a  headache  get vaporrub :)
Tell me how I got the  flu  shot but Im over here with a  sore   throat ,  runny   nose  and cant stop  sneezing .
Rainy days+ofis sejuk+  runny   nose +  sore   throat =patot ke aq mc je arini?
Antibiotics cant help your cold,  sore   throat ,  runny   nose  or  flu . Get tips for symptom relief:  http:// 1.usa.gov/1B099HI   #BeAntibioticsAware
runny   nose ,  sneezing , itchy eyesssss 
DUDE my head,my  throat  and I got a  runny   nose  and I can barely breathe ! I bought DayQuil and NyQuil and it didnt help for shit but Hugos mom gave me I think mucinex and it works BOMB its helping clear my  throat   https:// twitter.com/b_boy65/status /930219323255222272  
Jayzlee has an ear infection,  sore   throat ,  runny   nose , and  fever  I hate when my sweet baby isn't feeling good. She's still smiling through it all though 
kid i tutor: are you  sneezing ? me: no i just have a  runny  n kid: HERE! -hands me a cough drop- me: but this is a cough drop not a sneeze drop kid: yeah you put it up your  nose !
I feel bad,  sore   throat  and  runny   nose  (  pic.twitter.com/5Nmt22zNeN
Sneezing , cough,  runny   nose , watery eyes and head ache. Yaw ko na    feeling sick
Fall is here and winter is just around the corner.  It's that  runny   nose , raw  throat ,  coughing , congestion time of...  http:// fb.me/EMUi5QoO 
Yo i legit have a  sore   throat ,  runny   nose , a slight cough, and a fever  wtffffff!!!!
she got a  runny   nose  i dont think that its the  flu
ANTIBIOTIC AWARENESS WEEK 2017: Antibiotics cant help your cold,  sore   throat ,  runny   nose  or  flu . Get tips for symptom relief:  http:// 1.usa.gov/1B099HI   #SaveAbx
How I felt trying to film today - had to stop so many times because of a  runny   nose ,  coughing  or just plain losing my train of thought thanks to this cold!  pic.twitter.com/kvAT5txzuQ
The evolution of my cold is textbook.  Sore   throat  then blocked  runny   nose , followed by epic sneeze fits, and lastly  coughing .
Ill swop you for my cough?  After three weeks of  coughing  a  runny   nose  would make a nice change 
Telling me to get over my anxiety is like telling you that you dont have a cold. Youre just faking the  runny   nose  and  fever . Right?
Being honest don't think he should or he needs wrapping up my  o2 levels are only 94% atm this was just a  sore   throat  y/dy this morning a  runny   nose  by lunch time my chest hurts breathing hard
Runny   nose ,  sore   throat  ,  headache ,  fever  ,  flu  and a lot of antibiotics 
i need pills, medicine, and,everything that can cure a  sore   throat , congestion,  runny   nose , ect. :((((  help plea :(
Antibiotics cant help your cold,  sore   throat ,  runny   nose  or  flu . Get tips for symptom relief:  https:// buff.ly/2lQi0RR   #SaveAbx
Playing a bit of Boshy without mic because  runny   nose  +  sneezing  FeelsBadMan  https://www. twitch.tv/bbf_ 
Have a cold, #flu , or  runny   nose ? You can feel better without an antibiotic. Learn more:  https:// go.usa.gov/xn4Gp  . #BeAntibioticsAware
yeah I just cant stop  sneezing , my  nose  is always  runny , and my eyes get watery. lactose intolerance isnt fun :(
Might be a cold. Comes with  runny   nose  and a  headache  in either case  Had this since I was sick last week though so it might just be leftover sickness
me as I complain about my cough, congestion,  sore   throat , &  runny   nose ... fast track to recovery!!?  pic.twitter.com/IW7bkStpng
Well got a lovely cold.  Runny   nose  and cough is bad enough,  but you know the  headache  that goes along with it...  http:// fb.me/1E9ljcqY2 
Antibiotics cant help your cold,  sore   throat ,  runny   nose  or  flu . Get tips for symptom relief:  http:// 1.usa.gov/1B099HI   #SaveAbx pic.twitter.com/S5QzzBMGMm
Have a cold, #flu , or  runny   nose ? You can feel better without an antibiotic. Learn more:  http:// ow.ly/cRVi30gs7RO   #BeAntibioticsAware
Runny   nose  and about to  fever  !
Have a cold, #flu , or  runny   nose ? You can feel better without an antibiotic. Learn more:  https:// go.usa.gov/xn4Gp  . #BeAntibioticsAware
Ughh I woke up with a  runny   nose  and  sore   throat .
Tak mengantuk lagi. Today dah rest sepanjang hari kot due to eye infection,  runny   nose  and  fever .
*notices it's snowing outside* *immediately gets a  runny   nose , starts  sneezing  and  coughing * .....wtf....why?
This cold came in phases. First it was  sore   throat , then  runny   nose , then cough and I'm guessing the last stage is death.
And now i'm down with  flu  and  runny   nose  
Wave goodbye to your  sore   throat  and  runny   nose  with these home remedies  http:// qoo.ly/j87xu 
Lightheaded. Too much phlegm and mucus.  Sore   throat .  Runny   nose . I fucking hate being sick. #thissucks  #theworst  
Maybe  I have a  sore   throat  and a  runny   nose .
Sore   throat     Nose  feels  runny    Body temperature going up   Ear blocked    Question is ; falling sick, am I? 
Also I am currently very ill:  runny   nose ,  coughing  a lot,  sore   throat ,  sore  head, odd pain in my neck, and weird temperatures. The full works. How do I tell if I have a superbug or something that can be treated with antibiotics? Will I die?? #antibioticWeekChat  @longitude_prize
Its so shitty . Ive been sick the last two weeks headaches  sore   throat   runny   nose  cough 
Are you under the impression that #Antibiotics  treat #cold , #flu , or  runny   nose .  This is not true!  Learn more about this at  http:// ow.ly/vK3d30gxEZ1   !  #BeAntibioticsAware  #antibiotics  #abx  #AMR  #cdc   @CDC_NCEZID
A cold can make you miserable, with symptoms like  runny   nose , congestion,  sneezing ,  coughing , etc. But how do you really know its a cold and not a sinus infection:  http:// ucnetworkomaha.com/cold-sinus-inf ection-omaha/     #Sinusitis  #Infection  #sick pic.twitter.com/GTkHQEMr8j
A  fever  with cough and a  runny   nose  perfect fanfuckingtastic
Woke up with a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose    happy show week!
Uggggh.... I think I may be getting the  flu .... I have every other symptom bar the  runny   nose ..
Coughing  &  runny   nose ? I think the f not
I have cough,  headache ,  runny   nose  and my body aches like hell. Rip
I'm having  runny   nose , head ache, body pain rn. I won't be surprise if I wake up tomorrow with a  fever    #HelpMeLord
Finally going home.  Headache  +  runny   nose  + dysme = not a good combination especially when you're on duty
Great woke up to a swollen face ,  headache  &  runny   nose  ... Issa COLD 
Have a cold, #flu , or  runny   nose ? You can feel better without an antibiotic. Learn more:  https:// go.usa.gov/xn4Gp  . #BeAntibioticsAware
Sore   throat ,  runny   Nose  drink that will help. Drink this every morning before breakfast and again in evening...  http:// fb.me/6VA1ZUdwi 
Sore   throat , runny   Nose  drink that will help.Drink every morning before breakfast,again before bed:  http:// youtu.be/JY3O3zwD_XE?a   via
Fuck you @nickkwiecien  I got your  sore   throat , plugged ears, and  runny   nose   . Hate being sick
Literally my  throat  hurts and I have the worst  runny   nose  and I just wanna fall asleep  pic.twitter.com/Hk5Objytv6
Sore   throat ,  runny   Nose   drink that will help. Drink this every morning before breakfast and again in evening...  http:// fb.me/RIrpOZfm 
1.Antibiotics cant help your cold,  sore   throat ,  runny   nose  or  flu . Get tips for symptom relief:  http:// 1.usa.gov/1B099HI   #SaveAbx
Sore   throat ,  runny   Nose   drink that will help. Drink this every morning before breakfast and  https://www. instagram.com/p/Bbb6h0rBKM-/ 
Sore   throat ,  runny   Nose   drink that will help. Drink this every morning before breakfast and  https://www. instagram.com/p/Bbb7HbUBfef/ 
my  throat  hurts and my  nose  is  runny ...I just want to be a furry
She got a  runny   nose , i don't think that it's the  flu .
Sore   throat ,  runny   Nose   drink that will help. Drink this every morning before breakfast and  https://www. instagram.com/p/Bbb44ShhXl_/ 
He wont be macho man when hes laid up in bed with  runny   nose  and  fever  hahahahaha and coming from Bombay anything below 20c is cold 
@ ShannaBukhari    flu  is trying to come back today, i have  sore   throat ,  runny   nose  etc as well.....Still feel very depressed, worried and low about  my future....x
Me when I get the slightest  fever  or get a stuffy/ runny   nose   pic.twitter.com/WITbMU4aM4
headache  and  runny   nose ??? during exam season??? what's new??? sigHS
Sort  throat  and  runny   nose  here today, feeling sorry for myself :(
she got a  runny   nose  i dont think that is the  flu
runny   nose ,  sore   throat  &  headache    PRAY FOR MEEE 
I totally get it, Ive slept so much since I got it and no matter what I do Im still stuck with a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose ! I hope you feel better soon! 
welp. Taiga's definitely got a kitty cold. he's having  sneezing  fits, a  runny   nose , and eye discharge. gonna try to get him to the vet this week. hopefully it doesn't cost a ton. 
Katie and I have somehow managed to divide the symptoms of a bad cold between us. I've got the  sore   throat , cough and phlegm, she's got the bad sinuses,  headache  and  runny   nose .
bloody  runny   nose , a  headache  and 5 more papers to go
Im the same  sore   throat  ear ache  headache   runny   nose  hot & cold and feeling totally rubbish
productive ish monday despite the stress my  runny   nose  and  headache  are giving me. hooray 
  I have a cold. I have a stuffy  nose . I have a  runny   nose . I can't stop  coughing .
When everyone (but me) in the train has got  runny   nose , and are  sneezing  and  coughing  every 10 seconds    pic.twitter.com/ltduI5Ngju
Coughing  hard,  runny   nose , bad night of sleeping...  Thinking I should stay home today    GOOD MORNING TWITTERVERSE!!!  pic.twitter.com/qxDJYdjjbh
 runny   nose  hay  fever .
If my  nose  could not be completely  stuffed  up and  runny  that would be gr8
Tried Hay  Fever  Oil -  sneezing ,  runny   nose  & eyes went immediately #soulecting  #naturopathy  @HomeCuresisbest   http:// bit.ly/1XCkYTx   #soulecting
My fiance aka @paniagua_ana  for those of you who don't know, just left me to die with a  runny   nose  and  sore   throat . Pray for me.
wah no mood la my  throat  like gog inflammation thn  runny   nose  w my eye like this cb zzz
My  throat  is fucked,  runny   nose  and I can't stop  sneezing
Nah, still got a bit of a  runny   nose  but no  fever .
runny   nose  +  sore   throat  
I feel like crap but I dont have a  fever , my legs and back are achy, cough,  runny /congested  nose , fatigued. Im tired of getting sick 
Body Aching, head hurts,  Runny   nose ,  sore   throat ,  fever .. 
I'm blaming you for my  runny   nose  and  sneezing  all damn day. #SharingNotCaring
yall my  throat  is  sore  and my  nose  is  runny . i might not make it  pic.twitter.com/ws5ig5VxAW
Oh yeah, I also have a  sore   throat  but it comes and leaves, might be an allergy.  Sleep as much as you can though and get a lot of Vitamin C. I rarely get colds or the  flu  but when I do I sleep and take supps and it doesn't last more than three days and the  runny   nose  isn't v bad
I already threw my @Keurig  out.   I was wondering why I've had upper respiratory problems,   coughing ,  throat  mucus and  runny   nose ....   I will NEVER USE a @Keurig   again.     Besides being a company of low moral standard by bending to Libtards.
Loose here itchy  throat  and  runny   nose . I  have a whole week of work ahead of me.
Dinner...ugh I WAS feeling better, but this afternoon that all changed.  Runny   nose ,  sneezing ,  https://www. instagram.com/p/BbatUHbhdEY/ 
Oh hey, thought Id let some of you know that Im feeling much better now~!  nose  is still a bit  runny , had a  coughing  fit yesterday but really lessened today~ I am feeling like myself once again 
Head ache,  sore   throat ,  runny   nose  and I feel miserable :/
goodjob ako sa  runny   nose . been  sneezing  a lot lately. ALRIGHT. . .
Runny   nose , non stop  sneezing  &  headache . My monday is off to a good start. Hows your monday?
She got a  runny   nose ... I don't think that it's the  flu
I slept most of the day. Finally in my own bed. I feel like crap. But finally my body isn't fighting so hard to work as it is suppose to. So relieved to know that I won't be so exhausted. Get home to the oldest running a  fever  2 with a  runny   nose  n my baby just getting over his.
Runny   nose , body pains,  coughing  fits.  At least the  fever  is gone   ang hirap ng may sakit #healthiswealth
i feel so sick my  throat  hurts so much and my  nose  is  runny  HELP
Runny   nose  and  sore   throat .  pic.twitter.com/cHbYnMPGKR
im officially sick. i dont know why but everytime i get sick i always get a  sore   throat  never anything else. i dont cough & my  nose  is always  runny , never stuffy.
my  nose  is  runny  my  throat  is  sore  i have a cough i feel weak and have a  fever . thanks harry
Fever ,  runny   nose  
runny   nose  +  headache  aigooo
I thought I was getting sick because Ive been  sneezing , a slight  runny   nose  and sinus pressure but the symptoms havent gone away with cold medicine.
Day 5 of 7 today & I can't breathe because of this  runny   nose , my  throat  hurts, and I ache all over. Send help or decongestants pls 
It started last with an awful  sore   throat  and  runny   nose . Now I can't even keep my head up for more than 5 minutes without getting dizzy.
Yeah and it's like the kids don't get it too bad. They've a  runny   nose  and some  coughing , meanwhile I can't get myself out of bed because everything hurts so bad. And the snot. My god don't get me started on the snot.
how do i suppose to sleep with constant  runny   nose  and  coughing
Stayed up most of the night cuz I kept  sneezing /had a  runny   nose  and  sore   throat . THEN I try sleeping in and everyone keeps talkin to me 
lucky, i end up coming back with a  runny   nose  and a  headache  :(
One of the things I like to do when I get a  runny   nose  is sit and think about the good times when I didn't have a  runny   nose , and get all nostalgic for those halcyon days before I got the #flu
...my  nose  is  runny  and I'm  stuffed  up at the same time...? #SundayFunday  #Sunday pic.twitter.com/s6cfO4LmvD
like I start getting into full drag and think "this is so fun and therapeutic why don't I do this more often" (gets dehydrated) (inhales six tons of powder) (starts getting a  runny   nose  and  sore   throat ) (starts sniffling like Trump during that fucking debate)
No longer sick, instead Im stuck with a bit of hay  fever  - just after recovering from my 24 hour  runny   nose  and  sore   throat .... Cant win! But hopefully itll go away soo like my cold
Oh just a pain in my  throat , a tinkly cough and a  runny   nose . PLEASSSEEEEE pain GO AWAY !!  pic.twitter.com/fU6xjDYrPb
Spending the weekend in bed with  sore   throat ,  runny   nose , and bonus last night.... coughing ! 
So the real deal  flu  finally caught me :-(  Sore   throat ,  runny   nose ,  sneezing ,  coughing  & running out of tissue!
woke up w a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose  this is so tight 
I'm slightly more human this afternoon than I was this morning. Still  fever , still weak and still  runny   nose  but other than that I'm kind of alive! #Itrulyhatebeingsick
I have a  runny   nose , itchy watery eyes, and I can't stop  sneezing .
Woke up with a dog cough,  sore   throat  and a  runny   nose  smh 
Sooo... it's  flu  season.. and ya gurl's caught a *cold* (congestion,  runny   nose ,  sore   throat ,  https://www. instagram.com/p/BbZn9EnFmqV/ 
Me rn with a  fever , congestion, and  runny   nose  pulling myself together for brunch  https:// twitter.com/gucci1017/stat us/929712486168834048  
Heavy cold, bordering on  flu .  Runny   nose , nasty cough,  headache , chills.  Had a low grade  fever , but it went away.  Yep, sick.  *blech*
Most people with #NasalPolyps  have  runny   nose ,  sneezing , and postnasal drip.
childhood house: all fun and games until you end up with a  runny   nose  and start  sneezing  everywhere due to allergy
ITS STABLE FOR NOW I HAVE A  SORE   THROAT  AND A  RUNNY   NOSE  AND IM KINDA DIZZY BUT THATS IT
Runny   nose  +  fever  + withrawals 
What can you do if you have a) a  headache ; b) a  runny   nose ; ) toothache; d) a  sore   throat ; e)  https://www. instagram.com/p/BbZVOpkloWf/ 
Shouldnt I feel better from all of these meds? Feel like Hot death. Killer  headache , nausea, cough,  runny   nose , explosive   and extremely drowsy
A cold is most contagious during the early stages when you have a  runny   nose  and  sore   throat .  http:// bit.ly/2hixTPj    #FluDerbyshire
All of that minus the  runny   nose  and my  throat  is like scratchy :(( I hope you feel better, lovebug.
# NasalPolyps  symptoms: #nasalobstruction , #nasalcongestion ,  sneezing , postnasal drip,  runny   nose , facial pain, chronic infections.
Some members seemed sick during vlive ( coughing  and  runny   nose ) its getting cold so i hope they are staying warm and keeping healthy 
Throat  hurts..  nose  is  runny ..Im fucked up.
Spent the last few days feeling rough  sore   throat ,  sneezing ,  runny   nose ,  coughing  and aching but today..... I could conquer the world!!!!! Bring it on
Ah the  runny   nose , the watering red eyes, oh and the amazing nasal voice.. I miss having  flu ..
Sore   throat ,  runny   nose , dodgy ears. Dosing up on vitamins but no running. 
Slept 10 hours! Woke up with a  sore   throat  and a  runny   nose  
Woke up to my mad  coughing . No longer sick per se but  runny   nose  makes me cough a lot. Only slept for like 6-7 hours but decided to give wifey more resting time.  How shall I spend the time now? Coffee?  GOOD MORNING TWITTERVERSE!!!
Oooh I caught a cold... Splitting  headache , painful  throat , teary eyes,  runny   nose ... I'm so frustrated I could scream.
Cold n  flu  season, stay home if u are sick . Don't pass yr infections. Esp if yr a waiter... Don't serve food wiping yr  runny   nose ,  coughing  over food... Smh
Runny   nose .  Sore   throat .   Sore  eyes.   Coughing .   Headache .  Feeling cold.  No sleep.  All this added to the daily health struggles.   Is it safe to say Im not well?
Welp I'm ill, like violently ill.  Runny   nose ,  sore   throat  all minus the  fever    can't seem to win this week
I definitely have a  sore   throat  and a  runny   nose  and asthma but Im to lazy for me to get the asthma spray so I might die
Ugh, I dont feel to good...   Runny   Nose  Stuffy  Nose   Coughing   Sneezing   Headache  Hopefully its just a little cold and it will go away soon....
i cant sleep my  nose  is  runny  and i keep  sneezing
having allergies is so much worse than ppl think. it isn't just  sneezing ,  runny   nose , or even swelling up and getting a rash just when u have come in contact w sumn.. it's an everyday thing. medicine, breathing treatments, headaches,  throat  aches.... shit so annoying man. 
My  nose  is so  runny  and Im getting the worst cough + the sorest  throat  God help me please
Runny   nose  and  headache  perfect combination para sa practice ron 
Itchy  throat  and  runny   nose  = irritation level on 100,000
best cure for a  sore   throat  and a  runny   nose ? Help
Between my cramps, my  fever ,  runny   nose  and my non stop  sneezing  Im on the verge of death 
I am awake with a cold too, got a  runny   nose  and cant lay down without  coughing .
As long as I don't have a  runny   nose  and get the  fever  down, I'm gonna be fine I just can't afford to miss work right now
RT: BoironUSA Love OscilloUSA for flu-like symptoms? Then you'll love Coldcalm for  sneezing ,  runny   nose  & minor so  http:// bit.ly/241tRJw 
Love @OscilloUSA  for flu-like symptoms? Then you'll love Coldcalm for  sneezing ,  runny   nose  & minor  sore   throat .  http:// bit.ly/241tRJw 
When you're huffing and puffing and  coughing  all throughout the run, with a  runny   nose  to  https://www. instagram.com/p/BbYKCwQnhir/ 
Why does the cold have to hit me at 12.30am. Really  runny   nose  and every time I lie down I start  coughing !
Why do I keep getting sick!!   Ive had a cough and  runny   nose  all day and have been  sneezing  for the past hour straight!    Who knows how to get rid of this FAST? 
My  throat  hurts, my  nose  is so stuffy that I barely notice it's also  runny  until it's too late, and my head is starting to hurt from sniffling...
...well this brought a tear to my eye...a  runny   nose , itchy  throat  and a hacking cough.  http:// fb.me/SLVJtdXk 
woke up with my  throat  aching and  runny   nose , nOOooo 
working with a  fever  +  runny   nose  is such a bad idea   kmn 
I have a  sore   throat  a  fever  and Im freezing and I have a  runny   nose
Sore   throat , cough,  runny   nose . Apa ni, tak sihat 
the  runny   nose  and the scratchy  throat  have voted for the nap
Have you tried an antihistamine? I seem to be allergic to the dark.  Runny   nose , itchy  throat , itchy ears from about 1am every night at the moment. Its killing me.
Blargh.  Coughing  my head off,  runny   nose , c-diff symptoms improving but not gone. Im hoping to find some energy...  http:// fb.me/3xkFUWmlq 
I'm guess I'm still too weak! Hopefully it's just a cold but ugh ;[  sore   throat ,  runny   nose ,  fever , kinda nauseous.. I'm ready to go home and die
When a cold bites hard/and energy is low/your  throat  is really  sore /and your  runny   nose  won't go...... Then Lemsip, Lemsip will make me well again  pic.twitter.com/ozHbSFXciz
I have a bad  throat  and a  runny   nose
Everybody claiming to be "in their death bed" with a  runny   nose  and  sore   throat  lol man the fuck up we all in the same boat
I hope this  sore   throat  and  runny   nose  doesnt get worse 
Sneezing , coughing , runny /stuffy  nose . Head feels like a balloon  but when you're a mom you don't have  time for this crap. Hot tea, meds and keeping it moving #momlife  #wifelife  
Woke up, cooked breakfast showered and came right back into bed. This  runny   nose  and  headache  has me feeling like shit
I've got a bit of a cold (not bad: mostly just  sneezing  and a  runny   nose ...), so I won't be doing Obscuria today. too bad, cuz I had some special surprises for today's mix. now they'll have to wait till next week. make plans to join us at @LiveWireLounge  NEXT Saturday.
This old shit head coughed all over me during work last night and I woke up  coughing  w a  runny   nose  
4 Seasonal Allergy Relief Solutions to Treat  Sneezing ,  Coughing , and  Runny   Nose   Which One Works?!  http:// naturalfloridaallergyrelief.com/index.php/4-se asonal-allergy-relief-solutions-to-treat-sneezing-coughing-and-runny-nose/  
Everytime I tell my mom I'm sick she says I'm pregnant. Yes mom, I have  fever  and a  runny   nose  bc I'm prego.
im always full of energy during travel but when i get back ill be down with  fever   flu ..  runny   nose ..    some kind of withdrawal symptoms(?)
I swear I'm dying. My head and back hurt from  coughing  so much, my  throat  hurts, my eyes are  sore , my  nose  is  stuffed  and  runny  at the same time..WHAT. THE. FUCK.
Runny   nose ? Check! Watery eyes? Check!  Sore   throat ? Check! Time to start homeopathic Zicam Cold Remedy. When taken at these first signs of a Cold, Zicam is formulated to shorten the duration of your cold. I used Zicam Medicated Fruit Drops. #freegift  #zicamcrowd  #sponsored pic.twitter.com/hwyt2fO3sg
Tummy hurts,  throat  hurts, eyes hurt,  runny   nose ,  headache  :(
No, YOU just slept for 14 hours because you feel like your  throat  has been crushed by a car, your head is being used as a kickdrum and you have a  runny   nose  akin to a leaky tap
Think Im low key getting the  flu . Nasty ass cough,  sore   throat , hoarse,  fever , body aches, no appetite,  sneezing , stuffy and  runny   nose , head ache... Jesus a bihh is dyingggggg!!
Its wake up with a  sore   throat  for no reason & develop a  runny   nose  as soon as you walk outside SZN.  https:// twitter.com/heymichaelking /status/929367215450750977  
Runny   nose ,  sneezing  and dizzy  What a perfect saturday night
Woke up to a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose  
Feeling better but my  sneezing  and  runny   nose  still here finna get rid of that!! from now on when I feel people doing me wrong I'ma tell they ass God don't like ugly 
Runny   nose     Sore   throat     Annoying cough   Chest hurts     The only reason I  dislike this time of year 
Headache  &  runny - nose .haaaay   feeling ill
That's the one  sore   throat   runny   nose  as well just in a state really
headache ,  sore   throat  and  runny   nose . ano self, kaya pa?
I got a  runny   nose  and I dont think its the  flu
I wake up with my  nose  all  runny ,  sneezing  and all that sadness
im getring better, no more  fever  but coughs and  runny   nose
Im sick and dont know what to buy pls tell me Twitter. I have  runny   nose , watery eyes and slightly swollen  throat .
I woke up with a slightly swollen  throat   runny   nose  and water eyes. Kms
What is this slight sickness? Ilang araw na toh ah been having dry  throat  even tho i drink heaps of water.  Runny /blocked  nose ? 
my  throat  hurts and my  nose  is  runny ...I just want to be okay at using the elemental punches too
Finally been through it but rn going through  runny   nose  and  headache . Oh cmon
Dunno, but the  runny   nose / sneezing  competition is slowly coming to an end, with Paul winning. See you at the meeting on Monday night sniffles hoping.
# Measles  is a highly #contagious  #infection  caused by the #measles  #virus . Initial signs and #symptoms  typically include #fever , often greater than 40 C (104.0 F), cough,  runny   nose , and inflamed eyes. #Consult  us to get rid of #measles .  http://www. globalhomeopathy.in   #homeopathy pic.twitter.com/4JzLuzuvGq
  I have a cold. I have a stuffy  nose . I have a  runny   nose . I can't stop  coughing .
Hay  fever  season has hit me hard. Constant  runny   nose . Yuck.
rest day have  runny   nose  headeach and  fever .. being single mom is not easy
Headache  and a  runny   nose
So I think  sore   throat  and  runny   nose  has escalated to  fever  lmao maybe because I got caught in the rain at the zoo huhuhu. I can't even take MC because I took last week for fainting like my bosses will be suspicious lmao
Oh great. I got the  flu .  Runny   nose ,  sneezing  and some  coughing . I guess I'll enjoy the  flu  on my 3 day weekend. 
Good Morning. Wishing you a nice weekend. I suppose I'm in bed all the time. I'm sick. cough,  runny   nose ,  fever . My neck and eyes are burning.    pic.twitter.com/70cIu0qe9y
using vicks steam vaporizer every night until her  coughing  &  runny   nose  goes away 
headache   sore   throat   runny   nose   http:// bit.ly/2iKw0Yq 
My cold went full blown last night... could barely sleep... got a horrendous sinus  headache ... ears hurts... can't hear right... my teeth hurt... got a  sore   throat ... eyes hurt and are crazy gunky... and ofc my  nose  is  stuffed  and  runny ... i want to dieeeeeeee
my classroom is so dusty and my  nose  is going crazy,,, im just sitting here  sneezing  and having a  runny   nose  while my eyes water
Its not the  flu  is it?? TJ was just running a  fever  no  coughing  or  runny   nose ! Hopefully its just a short virus..his  fever  has gone down tho & seems to be feeling better than last night!
Low macros + Ohios bipolar weather =  headache , stuffy head,  runny   nose , achy body, 500+  sneezing  attacks and possible death
My ears has fluid around them,  throat  red as ever,  runny   nose ... I can't take this
Time to see if eating with a  runny   nose  and  sore   throat  is possible bc the last thing I ate was a thing of fries more than nine hours ago and I'm starving
me rn bc i cant breathe , my  nose  is  runny , my  throat  is  sore  and my migraine is at an all time high rn  pic.twitter.com/Y6xds29k3A
Not feeling this sickness man. Feel all weak and fatigued. Cant sleep. Cant eat.  Coughing  my lungs out.  Runny   nose . Fml
It's been 38 degrees for 2 hours and I'm  sneezing  with a  runny   nose  already.
FEVER  AKA  FLU  BOY AKA 35 BELOW AKA  RUNNY   NOSE  AKA STREP  THROAT
i allergies to fur as well. there will be a time when i can't stop  sneezing  and got  runny   nose  whole day /sips her tea while watching Marshie enjoying belly rub/ and i often see people who love travelling, bring their pet along
She got a  runny   nose  but dont think its the  flu
101  fever  and somehow Im  stuffed  up and a  runny   nose  at the same time. HOW IS THIS POSSIBLE? I was just sick 10 days ago!!
Drowsy.  Sore   throat .  Runny   nose . And ulan! I kennat. 
Happy Friday! I was out of commission yesterday, got an awful  sneezing  and  runny   nose  attack  https://www. instagram.com/p/BbVY7zzHSkQ/ 
Some common symptoms of #moldallergies  are #sneezing , #runny   nose , and #postnasaldrip .  Learn more about treatment at  http:// bit.ly/1RyWyUz  . pic.twitter.com/8k0gyrevDG
You know what I love?  Sneezing  with a  runny   nose .  I s2g if I'm actually sick I'm gonna cry...
 Stuffy/ Runny   nose   Itchy dry  throat   Pounding  headache   Drowsy    Yup, Im sick 
I hate waking to up to a  runny   nose ,  sore   throat , and cough.
my  throat  hurts and my  nose  is  runny ...I just want to be a furry
# Earinfections  won't always present as ear pain. Read about other symptoms such as a  runny   nose , cough, or  fever .  http:// ow.ly/UB1x30ghkQt  pic.twitter.com/J2rUVF5eNg
It's my normal day off but I wanted 2 give U a health update. Still sick in bed, trying my best not 2 speak. #SoToughBTW   sneezing ,  coughing ,  runny   nose  & hot. Streams will resume Tuesday unless I make a miraculous recovery. Thanks 4 all the kind words! I feel the love!  pic.twitter.com/Z1j3DaW3V6
I feel so sick right now , my  throat  kills , Im nauseous and my  nose  is all  runny  but here I am at the gym dying   #commitment
Still sick ... since Monday   I've never felt this sick in forever ..  fever ,  runny /  stuffed   nose ,  throat  is  sore  af, shaking as if I have hyperthermia .. and when I'm done shaking I get so hot it's like I'm standing on the sun 
runny   nose ,  sneezing , and goosebumps   noooo.
That kind of cold when your  nose  isnt  runny  (yet) but the pain in your  throat  extends to your chest, the insides of your ears are irritatingly itchy, your coughs are belly deep and your voice sounds like you moonlight as a danfo conductor. Yeah, thats the kind I have.  pic.twitter.com/D7j8oGT2Kc
I wake up,  nose   runny ,  coughing . Oh joy.
BIRTHDAYS   One of my grandchildren  Jazi -  turned two a few days ago but she had  fever ,  runny   nose  and cough....  http:// fb.me/RVdaFpEX 
When you're down with  fever  and have a  runny   nose . #Bollywood  #LameJokes  :P pic.twitter.com/xTRy3aApZh
Slightly feels better when he finally updates.. Thank you, Allen.. I U  But I still feel like s*** my tummy hurts,  headache , canker  sore ,  runny   nose ..  Over n out. Oyasuminasai~
me: i have so much to do this weekend!!!!!!  my body: oh ya? thats sad. heres a  runny   nose , some sneezes and a  fever  to make it easier on you. 
Sorry we won't be there having a  runny   nose / sneezing  competition at the moment. Good luck to everyone going and hopefully see you all next week.
Runny   nose ,  headache  
It is so cold in this office building I legitimately caught a cold...  sneezing ,  runny   nose , scratchy  throat . Im about to walk into HR like workers comp!
Sore   throat  and  runny   nose  :<
My  throat  hurts,  nose  is  runny  ... Im for sure getting sick 
When @iamblackbear  said she got a  runny   nose  I dont think that its the  flu  I felt that
Sore   throat  +  runny   nose  
Tch. My  nose  is  runny  and I'm  sneezing  already. (_)
Well this  sore   throat  n  runny   nose  has hit me like a ton of bricks today 
aaaaaahh this  runny   nose  somehow evolved into a cough, a  headache , AND a  runny   nose  icrii
runny   nose  and the beginning of a  sore   throat  nahhhhh don't need this ive already been so sick earlier this semester
Symptoms of a cold include a  runny   nose , nasal congestion,  sneezing , a  sore   throat , cough and headaches. If none...  http:// fb.me/24xvNt6jT 
Been stuffy, congested,  coughing  and with a  runny   nose  all week. At home, about to try a Sudafed intervention.
I'd like to take a moment and thank my sick kids for giving me this killer  sore   throat ,  headache ,  runny   nose  and probably very soon an awesome cough.      #DadLife  #Parenting
This  runny   nose  is giving me  headache  and making me feel like dozing off anytime. I need to rest, get well, and have my body back to its vigor state by tomorrow  such a bad timing.
having  sore   throat  today... my  throat  hurts and aso having  runny   nose ....  again
A cold is most contagious during the early stages when you have a  runny   nose  and  sore   throat .  http:// bit.ly/2xXV18U    #FluWarks
Itchy  throat ,  runny   nose , malaise. Yeap, Decolgen Q6 + increase OFI gaming it is.
Delhiites, when you have a  runny   nose , watery eyes and rapid  sneezing  due to #Smog , it is because of Allergy Ki Sardi. pic.twitter.com/fyidrF6Q7s
just thankful that its over just greatful that is through  she got a  runny   nose   i dont think that its the  flu  #digitaldruglord
Lord I woke up to Jaliyah with a  FEVER    &  runny   nose    I should have never let her go on that field trip she came back sick 
Down with a horrible  runny   nose  and  sore   throat  damn
I got  sore  eyes,  runny   nose , super duper  headache . Oml 
Runny   nose  and  headache  tsss
Up at 2:45am pushing thru steel design hw with a  runny   nose  and a killer  headache , freaking allergies
Tbh I have no freaking clue. My son is also experiencing the same symptoms but no  fever  when he went to the doctor. I'm so confused lol. He has a cough but I don't . I just have a  runny   nose  and my inner ear and  throat  are a bit  sore .
3 day weekend kicks off with a  runny   nose , earache, and a  sore   throat . Fuck.
update: still sick. had less of a  runny   nose  today. but my  throat  still hurting 
Hate when that happens. Usually when I sleep under my A.C window unit the half that's getting all the cold air feels like crap the next day. I get half a migraine, half a  runny   nose , half a soar  throat . Lol list goes on and on.
No there arent. There are meds that can reduce symptoms of the common cold like headaches,  runny   nose , and  sore   throat  from  coughing . but not the virus itself. You just have to let it run its course.
First a  sore   throat , then a pretty bad cough, and now a  runny   nose . Why don't you give me AIDS while you're at it, God?
First a  sore   throat , then a pretty bad cough, and now a  runny   nose . Why don't you give me AIDS while you're at it, God?
Great five minutes of a non  stuffed / runny   nose . #whydidyoucomebck
Runny / stuffed   nose  go away. I dont want you 
getting through multiple loo rolls blowing my  runny   nose  and  coughing  up phlegm, too much information?
Nout worse than a banging  headache  and a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose  and still have to go work
I have an earache  fever  and  runny   nose  ugh :(
every year of this time my asthma gets worsen :( Well I had a  runny   nose  this morning and I totally forgot that I always have hay  fever  at this time of the year. Asthma and hay  fever ...welp. By Yoichi #lesbiantokyo https:// twitter.com/lestokyo_yoich i/status/928871452455026688  
The  sneezing  the  coughing   headache  and a  runny   nose this the death of me!
This  sore   throat  and  runny   nose  gone be the death of me
I thought I was feeling better but Im starting to gain a  runny   nose  and  sneezing  every once in a while.
Does anyone have and tips on getting rid of a  stuffed / runny   nose ? Nothing is working
Me:*Burning up, face is hot and red,  throat 's dry and slight cough, achey arms and legs,  runny   nose *  Me: Sick? Me? Haha...how absurd! I'm alive and well aren't I?  Me:*Proceeds to sneeze and reach for tissues and a mug of tea*  Me: Yep. Just fine~
Convinced my boyfriend to stay the night on a work night, but my  runny   nose , sniffles and  sore   throat  is keeping him up. #isuck
Runny   nose  +  fever  = iyaaaak 
ugh, minor  sore   throat  turned into  runny   nose ,  sneezing ,  coughing ,  headache  in within a day -n-;
Well. Its official. I am sick.  Fever . Chills.  Sneezing .  Runny   nose . I need Taco Bell and a nap.
runny   nose  and a freakin  headache !!! and its FRIDAY!!! #fml
I  have a  runny   nose  and  sore   throat  and Im bout ready to go to the emergency room.. I  want my mom.
fever  + very  runny   nose  +  headache  + allergy   stuck in my bed it's hard to move huhu
Got to the biz and I  started  sneezing , my  nose   runny , my eyes itching, I  think Im allergic to school 
I have allergies n I can't stop  sneezing  n my  nose  is so  runny  n my eyes feel so heavy n I'm hungry n I'm sad bc I just want to become a porn star already I want to release an album I want a baby tarantula n I want to be able to sleep at a decent time
Colds,  sore   throat , stuffy/ runny   nose , chapped lips, and sinus pressure ..... the death of me. 
Sore   throat . Swollen eyes.  Runny   nose . Pounding  headache . Body aches.   Its the most wonderful time of the year!   
& this weather doesn't help none at all. haven't gotten sick, but it's finally catchin up to me,  sore   throat ,  runny   nose  &slight  fever  ugh.
I guess, I  only get sick once a year and this is It. Head feels weird,  nose  is  runny ,  sneezing
Runny   nose , cold chills, and I  have a  headache . ON TOP OF THAT I  have no Netflix so I  cant watch stranger things & I  have no cuddles. ITS COOL.
Theres a Scentsy party at work and I cant go back to help them too much because Scentsy always makes me cough and sneeze and I usually get a  runny   nose  and  headache . Im at  coughing ,  runny   nose , and  headache  so far.
ouch. ear infection,  headache ,  sore   throat ,  runny   nose ,  coughing , aching. love life
ugh. not really. cough that is murdering my  throat , mild  fever  and a  runny   nose .
He  sneezing  all the time and has a  runny   nose . I'm just keeping him hydrated. It is funny though.
She got a  runny   nose  and idt it's the  flu ..
Heartache chrt.  Runny   nose ,  headache  and tonsillitis
Flu  update: both Dana and I are bedridden. The only reason I'm on Twitter is because I can't nap because  runny   nose .
s/o to this  headache , runny   nose , and  sore   throat  
Exactly! Im sick of yall complaining! Having a  runny   nose  and scratchy  throat  as a man is 1000 times worse than anything yall go through  https:// twitter.com/yoyotrav/statu s/928067844859944960  
I cant f sleep    runny   nose  and irritated  throat . Im going cray
Still have a  headache  and now a  runny   nose  and  sore   throat , I stg if I get sick
Went to work COMPLETELY FINE 2 hours later  headache  and a  runny   nose  could be the rain @PrincessxTia  @GalacticElliot  blegh pic.twitter.com/CsEKS8UEL9
I could handle the  fever , the  sore   throat , the  runny   nose . But you see these body pains   Jesus take the wheel
Me -  coughing : "I'll be fine in a few days" Me -  coughing  a lot,  runny + stuffed   nose ,  sneezing , is cold & hot, dizzy,: "M... Maybe I'll be fine in a few days"
I'm feeling so sick.  Headache , dizzy,  runny   nose ,  sneezing ,  coughing ,  sore   throat , body aches all over, shivers, earache in both ears and anything else I'm missing? Can't think of it right now. But. I got tons of sleep at least. Going back to bed here shortly. I miss you all. 
Why would you schedule me a client knowing I'm sick and Constantly  coughing  with a  runny   nose  and can barley talk. I wouldn't want someone touching my face giving me a facial when they are sick.
Suddenly came down with a illness. Was fine than bam horrible  headache  and  runny   nose   pic.twitter.com/pHu8ZzAu7Q
Thought Id managed to avoid the dreaded  sore   throat /cold/cough/ runny   nose   everyones had..but no, its here   #nosleepforme
Most people with #NasalPolyps  have  runny   nose ,  sneezing , and postnasal drip.
# howpride  Home Remedies for  Runny   Nose  and  Sneezing  How to stop Fast...  http:// fb.me/2ccggO4VA 
# howpride  Home Remedies for  Runny   Nose  and  Sneezing  How to stop Fast...  http:// fb.me/AiXfioLw 
# howpride  Home Remedies for  Runny   Nose  and  Sneezing  How to stop Fast   https://www. howpride.com/how-to-stop-a- runny-nose/     Home Remedies for  Runny
# howpride  Home Remedies for  Runny   Nose  and  Sneezing  How to stop Fast   https://www. howpride.com/how-to-stop-a- runny-nose/     Home Remedies for  Runny
# howpride  Home Remedies for  Runny   Nose  and  Sneezing  How to stop Fast   https://www. howpride.com/how-to-stop-a- runny-nose/     Home Remedies for  Runny
# howpride  Home Remedies for  Runny   Nose  and  Sneezing  How to stop Fast   https://www. howpride.com/how-to-stop-a- runny-nose/     Home Remedies for  Runny
# howpride  Home Remedies for  Runny   Nose  and  Sneezing  How to stop Fast   https://www. howpride.com/how-to-stop-a- runny-nose/     Home Remedies for  Runny
# howpride  Home Remedies for  Runny   Nose  and  Sneezing  How to stop Fast   https://www. howpride.com/how-to-stop-a- runny-nose/     Home Remedies for  Runny
Same! I'm both sick *and* slept for about 12 hours.  Are u  coughing  and  sneezing  and having an extremely  runny  and stuffy  nose  cuz I am 
He's so sick... runny   nose  and  fever      pic.twitter.com/QnOkZfHGmP
sore   throat ,  runny   nose , migraine.  greaaaaaaaaaaat  not.
I have a  headache ,  runny   nose , and a cough. But thankfully I have more characters to Tweet with.
Love #Oscillo  for flu-like symptoms? Then you'll love Coldcalm for  sneezing ,  runny   nose  & minor  sore   throat .  http:// bit.ly/241tRJw  pic.twitter.com/6pGjSeLMi3
morning I woke up to a even worse  sore   throat  and  runny   nose
I hate this I hate being sick my head hurts and my  nose  is  runny  and my  throat  gets  sore  and my body is fukinh done I'm uuhhji
My head feels like its gonna explode and its filled with cotton and my  throat  is so dry but  nose  so  runny . I might have a cold I might die
wrong timing to have  runny   nose  later wake up fr sure  fever  hais gdnight world
All these bitches in the office either  sneezing ,  coughing , have stuffy or  runny   nose  & body aches. Umm no thanks yall can get tf from round me. 
I have the worst  sore   throat ,  runny   nose , body aches, and Im probably dying but thats not gonna stop me from having the time of my life at the @HERMusicx  show tonight. Ima be in there half dead and still singing along to every word.
Im dead ass not tryna sleep with a  sore   throat  and stuffy/ runny   nose  this winter... I will commit suicide  https:// twitter.com/daria_bee/stat us/928080254647681025  
at this point im not even sure what im allergic to i just get a  runny   nose  and start  sneezing  within an hour of waking up and Deal with it
Ytd got  runny   nose  and now officially have  fever    should i sleep or should i study for tmrws paper   why im like this or should i ask what engg have done to me
My  throat  is So  sore  and one side of my  nose  is going from  runny  to  stuffed . Please help me
# NasalPolyps  symptoms: #nasalobstruction , #nasalcongestion ,  sneezing , postnasal drip,  runny   nose , facial pain, chronic infections.
Nothing like a  sore   throat  and a  runny   nose  to kick off this AWESOME day
My  throat  hurts.. I think what I fear most is coming..  flu ~  I hate so much to wake up with  sore   throat .. then  runny   nose ..  noooo..
I have a  runny   nose  now & Im  coughing :/
seemed more like a  coughing  issue with  runny   nose  drainage but yeah
My  nose  is  runny  my  throat  hurts my stomach hurts everything hurts!!!!!!
For  coughing  no. Sudafed (pseudoephedrine) requires an ID. If your  coughing  is related to postnasal mucus it helps dramatically even if you do not have a  runny   nose .
i really regret the junks i ate becos now my  nose  is so  runny  and my  throat  is so  sore  and my head is aching so bad
runny   nose ,  headache , dizziness plus tambak na paper works tapos bukas na deadline.
okay so your girl is kinda sick, sort of  like a little bit of a  runny   nose  but  coughing  has been the most irritating thing that's happening now.  its been a week now and my coughs got more intense, Im So Angry.
  I have a cold. I have a stuffy  nose . I have a  runny   nose . I can't stop  coughing .
Same here! Was sure it was a cold, but kept  sneezing  when I worked outside,  runny  eyes 'n  nose . I'm thinking I caught a combo.   in any case...feel better soon!!
Lemsip is a gift from god...  runny   nose  ? Lemsip ,  sore   throat  ? Lemsip , ma hates you and wants you to move out ... fucking lemsip man
Tuesday had itchy  throat  and was 's thing next day have   runny   nose  and  sore   throat
love the cold weather but oh my I have NOT missed having a  runny   nose  and a  headache  
the fact that i survived todays simulation with  runny   nose  and huge  headache  with nausea in it.   i swear my body nearly gave up on me.
@ ShannaBukhari    flu  is trying to come back as a cold as I have a  runny   nose , feel a bit coughy, achy and tired but I hope I can beat it....x
Runny   nose  and keep  sneezing  roll on having the  flu  again 
Coughing , phlegm,  runny   nose , stomach rumbling... oh God, I cannot have parasite infection
Pollyana thought: If I have entered the  sneezing / runny   nose  stage maybe the  sore   throat  stage will go bye-bye soon.
stuffy  nose ,  runny   nose ,  sore   throat ,  coughing  and  sneezing  every 5 seconds is literally me for this past few days
no idea how foreign students come over here to study all on their own. am in bed w a  runny   nose  n a  sore   throat , greeting cos ma maws an hour away
Still not feeling well tho. So sick. Hay,  sore   throat  and  runny   nose .
Runny   nose ,  sneezing ,  coughing ,  sore   throat  and it won't get better? It could be mold in your home:  http:// goo.gl/HrQwha 
 I have...  a  headache  a stuffy  nose  a  runny   nose  a  sore   throat  a  fever  a rash
runny   nose ,  sore   throat , a  headache .. hello there cold, my good old friend 
Sore   throat , migraine,  fever ,  runny   nose , joint pains, body hurts like hell. I am completely okay. (dying rn)
A cold is most contagious during the early stages when you have a  runny   nose  and  sore   throat .  http:// bit.ly/2hhpETB    #FluDerbyshire
Feel like shite, got a dry cough,  headache ,  runny   nose , streaming eyes, stiff joints, hot & cold flushs. Something tells me I may be coming down with something, cant place my finger on what brought me to this conclusion. Right time for a nice sweet cup of tea see if that helps
Headache ,  Runny   nose ,  Sore   throat , & Cough    #resultana   feeling sick
The rain came & so did this damn tickle in my  throat  &  runny   nose  
Sneezing , check!  Runny   nose , check! Cough, check! Looks like I have another cold. #SchoolStaffLife
Sneezing  +  runny   nose  + cough +  sore   throat  + back pain = SICK 
Woke up with  runny   nose  and now mild  fever . Sigh.
my  nose  is  stuffed  and  runny  and i can't taste anything and my ears won't stop ringing
Should I smoke? Im not sick but my  nose  is a lil  runny  and my  throat  is meh
My head is heavy, my  nose  is  runny , my body feels chilly, my  throat  is itchy  I think I need coffee.  #poemoftheday   
Pauline Hanson is the  runny   nose  of a  flu . Just a symptom of a much bigger problem.
Feeling like crap   Ive got a  sore   throat , Im cold, a cough, a  runny   nose  and a blocked  nose . 
luli:yeah he's  sneezing  alot,, fever , runny   nose ,congestion,he's just having a rough day after we got here he was fine this morning   evan:how did I get a cold on our first day of traveling? I still wish i knew!
I have suffered terribly with allergies my entire life. Congestion,  runny   nose , dry, itchy eyes,  sneezing , and...  http:// fb.me/zrcjSnnf 
Sinus infection, cant breathe,  stuffed   nose ,  runny   nose . Fuckkkkk 
Multiple people have told me that it must be nice have a mini vacation from responsibilities but they keep forgetting that Im fucken sick. Its not even a mini vacation with this  sore   throat  and  runny   nose  
Yup.  Sore   throat ,  runny    nose  too
Okay so yesterday it was my head, today my  throat  and im pretty sure tm ima have a  runny   nose
It's a matter of timing: Just after  throat  hurt ends &  runny - nose  phase, before the bronchitis cough gets mean: perfect Hotline voice!
Best drugstore brand of medicine??? Looking for something to help my cough/ sore   throat / runny   nose !!
She got a  runny   nose , I don't think it's the  flu .
Dry (soar?)  throat ,  runny   nose ,  sneezing ... Got home at 1 PM and slept for 3 hours. Hopefully avoiding the Con Crud after #BlizzCon .
Great. Now my  coughing  and congestion turned into a cold... runny   nose  and  sneezing . And I have a  headache !!!  Plus Im hungry. Thats always the case tho.
I feel for you  Im not even super sick just  runny / stuffy  nose ,  sore   throat , and congestion and Im miserable
guess what! i'm fucking sick, AGAIN! my stupid  throat  hurts, soon my  nose  will be  runny , fml
Ahh early morning having  flu / runny   nose . Its annoying
my head feels as if i got somebody kicking around in it and my  throat  hurts my lips are starting to get dry and  nose  is  runny  and training is going by so slow :-(
Welp unless a semi truck ran me over while I was sleeping I got sick so no strum body aches  runny   nose   sore   throat  I'll keep you guys posted 4 2morrow Send all the good vibes 4 me pls! Wait this is more than I've ever been able 2 type before... I can tweet longer?!? nice  pic.twitter.com/MDpWX01II6
sore   throat  and  runny   nose  wtf
Flu  please fuck off....  runny   nose  setting in and it can suck on my big toe! Do NOT want to be ill again!
My cold has reached sneeze oclock. Seriously, nothing all day (except fuzzy ears,  sore   throat  & raspy breath) but now the sneezes &  runny   nose  are back.
I cant stop  sneezing  and my  nose  is  runny  rip
Common cold symptoms include  coughing ,  sneezing ,  runny   nose , and congestion. Don't wait until it gets worse; we're here for colds, allergies, cases of the  flu , and YOU! #PediatricENT   http:// bit.ly/2iGhroN  pic.twitter.com/Qi2Ie9qCev
Im so sick my  throat  is  sore  and my  nose  is  runny  I hate how it gets cold all of a sudden :(
Having had both in the past week, I can tell you having an unstoppable  runny   nose  is so much worse than a hacking  coughing  fit.
Antibiotics cant help your cold,  sore   throat ,  runny   nose  or  flu . Get tips for symptom relief:  http:// 1.usa.gov/1B099HI   #SaveAbx
she got a  runny   nose , i dont think that its the  flu
Bluuugh...one side of my  nose  is a  runny  faucet and my head is just all  stuffed  up.
What i hate abt the start of a  flu ... body aches,  headache  ,  runny   nose  and im feeling cold orz but i still need to work orz the timing....
woke up sick asf,  sore   throat ,  runny   nose ,  headache , i did not want to go school but my mom said if i didn't then there would be no party for my birthday...i have never gotten up so fast in my life
Evening all, it's getting chilly out there! I'm so excited for my upcoming gigs this week but typically I've woken up with a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose ! I'm determined to be better by tomorrow! More details of the below gig to follow.  pic.twitter.com/U8C8hIigoj
i have a gross cough ajd my  throat  is still slightly  sore  and i have a  runny   nose
Congested,  coughing ,  runny   nose , and got my period... whats next!? 
When a  flu  hits you so hard with  fever  ,  headache  ,  sore   throat  , and a  runny   nose .. In need for a good remedy !
Love #Oscillo  for flu-like symptoms? Then you'll love Coldcalm for  sneezing ,  runny   nose  & minor  sore   throat .  http:// bit.ly/241tRJw  pic.twitter.com/oF8CbBdyhj
I will probably cry tonight, which results in a  runny   nose , which fits well with my ever lasting  headache  and  sore   throat . Conclusion: I will probably, probably, die tonight!
Yeah I think so, a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose  and my body feels weak. But thank you so much Lena that would be great 
My  nose   runny . My  throat  hurt. I feel different baby. My body different.  pic.twitter.com/rtx16KwVjR
I put in that work though I was sick, it's funny how a cold can disappear when acts of sex go on,  runny   nose   sneezing  and  coughing  wasn't even there for them 2 hours, but once we were done and I got home it was back to it
runny   nose , watery eyes,  sore   throat  hmm
I'm just  coughing  &  runny   nose  sick rn so I'll definitely get over it soonish. Thanks, man. :')
Sore   throat . Raspy ass voice.  Headache .  Runny   nose . 
my  nose  is  runny  and my  throat  is  sore
Drug withdrawal syndrome: body aches, diarrhea,  fever , goosebumps, insomnia, irritability, no appetite, nausea,  runny   nose , shivering,  sneezing , stomach cramps, sweating, tachycardia, yawning,  fatigue . If you feel sleepy, have small pupils, and cant breathe, youre overdosing 
yoongi: dont get sick me: *retweets while whiping my  runny   nose  and  coughing  up my lungs*
But i'm already sick. I've got  flu ,  runny   nose  and a cough
Gargled salt to try to put a nail in this shits coffin already. Because I feel better, but still have scratchy  throat / runny   nose  sometimes. Anyway...it was GROSS.  pic.twitter.com/le07ROmY3J
Headache .  Runny   nose . High temperature. Yes, kaya ko pa, kakayanin ko hehehe
My stomach hurt I gotta throw tf up soon and I got migraines again and  coughing  with  runny   nose  grate Ill be getting my fucking medicine 
Oh great got  flu  jab last night and now I have a  runny   nose  and a  headache ! And they said it could take 2 weeks for side affects to happen!!!
I feel like straight up  . My  nose  is stuffy but  runny  and my  throat  feels scratchy... I got shit to do today I can't get sick #AintNobodyGotTimeForThat
My  nose  is  runny  and I keep  sneezing    ugghhhhhh
Wtf am I doing in school. I have a  runny  ass  nose  and I can't stop  sneezing . This is nasty and embarassing
my  throat  hurts so much bc of the cold and my inability to wear a scarf and my  nose  is  runny  af
Eh not really just massive congestion,  sneezing  and  runny   nose . Doesnt make for good video either.
Sore   throat ,  runny   nose , and my head feels like it spinning 
Had the  flu  jab yet i have a cough,  runny   nose  and a banging  headache . I should ask for a bloody refund @BootsUK
Achy. Shivery.  Runny   nose .  Headache . Just wanna go back to bed. Hows you?? Xx
@ GregScottTV  @coastcountydab  Been  sneezing ..  runny   nose  yesterday and last night.. got  sore  through now.. Dad's been  coughing  more than normal.. mums been  sneezing   too.. Hope we're all not getting colds
Gonna be off of twitter for a bit my head's gonna explode, my  throat  hurts, got  runny   nose  and i feel freaking cold and my boss still wants me to report for work i wanna strangle someone @ me when a member goes live on IG or when iljae is finally alive kthnxbye
Prayers for Zylie. This weather is no joke. Poor baby is  coughing ,  sneezing , has a  runny   nose , & a mild  fever  
If you're feeling unwell such as: Nonstop  sneezing   fever  chills muscle aches  coughing  congestion  runny   nose  headaches and  fatigue  @yoddeang  @chaeyona  maybe you need  https:// twitter.com/INTLWORLDrp/st atus/928174004833099776  
Same I've been having a  runny   nose  and  sore   throat
Alright, lets start that again guys haha. Dave is up in 5 for real this time. He's got a  runny   nose  and itchy eyes. Hay  fever  got his ass like a muhfukka.  http:// twitch.tv/optimus_dave   #DiamondByDecember
Sore   throat ,  runny   nose , cold..... How imma survive this whole public transportation thing and crowd
Yeah.  Coughing , some  sneezing ,  runny   nose  and pains in my neck. All I'm missing is a  fever  that I don't want.
my  throat  hurts my  nose  is  runny  time to die
My  throat  hurts , I'm getting  fever  , my  nose  is  runny  and my head hurts
If anyone's hay  fever  is just  sneezing  and  runny   nose  I'd like to swap it for my  sore  eyes pls x
Well this is great. First double class after work tonight. Up half the night with  sore   throat  and  runny   nose . Magic 
Site Visit phichit   I have a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose .@  https://www. instagram.com/p/BbOZO5tAjMq/ 
My  nose  is so  runny  I wanna die and my  throat  is so scratchy and uncomfortable I wanna die 10x more welcome to sinus season folks
I swear I fucken hate cats went to  my cuzins and her fucken cat got me  sneezing , a  runny   nose  and swollen eyes
I can't believe I have  runny   nose  and  sore   throat  ... again!
time for miss doctor nat to step in, does your  throat  hurt? is ur  nose   runny ?  sneezing ? headaches?
Don't know if i can fall asleep because of this  sneezing  and  runny   nose
ended up coming down with a cold...... have been trying so hard to prevent it even drinking med before... still... didnt work... orz....  sneezing  like no tmr and  runny   nose  TT!
Throat  hurts, been  sneezing ,  nose  is  runny , head hurts, cold asf, OMG EBAN EMN. Lol
Hooray, I can now be incredibly verbose. Why say something in a few words when you can use a paragraph. Anyway, 4am, to use a charming British colloquialism; I feel like sh*t warmed up.  Sore   throat ,  runny   nose . Penny sleeping softly. Just sneezed. Now she's awake. Ah well. Night!  pic.twitter.com/cEGKL433D5
Headache . Stuffiness.  Runny   nose .  Fatigue .
In the last 2 hrs, I started to feel like I was getting a cold. Raspy voice, clogged sinuses, sinus  headache ,  runny   nose  and watery eyes.   Please let it just be allergies! My next 3 days are so busy!
 runny   nose  and  sneezing ? dont assume its a cold according to google i probably have a tumour but lol pray for me
i had coffee at 3 am only bc my  nose  is so  runny  and my  throat  felt weird
Layed down for a nap and woke up with a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose . Just what I needed to make this week better.  pic.twitter.com/4ZOh18I0my
Common hay #Fever  #Symptoms  include  sneezing , a  runny   nose , a  stuffed  up  nose  itchy and watery or streaming eyes, nasal #Congestion  and a general  stuffed  up feeling in the  nose  and  throat .  Use HayMax #organic  drug free allergen #barrier  balm.  http://www. haymax.com.au  pic.twitter.com/e6HILs5PVf
UPDATE: we get to go home tonight!   still  coughing  and  runny   nose  but itll all get better within time!
Stomachache,  headache ,  runny   nose ,  sore   throat . I need a warm hug.
im so SICK. my  throat  hurts,  runny   nose , and dry coughs. i feel like shit.  pic.twitter.com/aRKe4MJcVK
Can you believe Im at work for another 5 1/2 hours and my head is spinning like crazy and my  nose  is  runny  and my  throat  and chest are burning and all my manager has to say is call me if you get too bad and I called and he didnt answer
Sore   throat   Runny   nose   Fever  Shivery Upset stomach Bleh
Woke up this morning with  runny   nose   sore /itchy  throat  
Tis the season.  Influenza  season.  Sore   throat   runny   nose . Oh well. Chicken soup and neo citron. And sleep.
she got a  runny   nose  and i dont think that its the  flu
good news I have got rid of my blocked and  runny   nose  but the bad news is I've now got a  headache  and feel really dizzy 
I have a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose . This is the worse.
  I have a cold. I have a stuffy  nose . I have a  runny   nose . I can't stop  coughing .
I think I'm getting sick. Head  stuffed  up.  Runny   nose . Oh damn.  pic.twitter.com/ALd5JUVkmw
Sore   Throat , head ache,  runny   nose , ear ache, cough, period pain and i feel sick  oh & probs in the most vile mood Eva. Soz 2 all my mates x
Well that's my good old trusty cough,  sore   throat  and  runny   nose  made an appearance again
Don't worry! Get yourself well xx I've got  sore   throat ,  runny   nose  etc I think it's coming to me!!    
She got a  runny   nose   Don't think that it's the  flu
Thought to myself this morning that I havent had a cold for ages only to come home from work this evening with a  runny   nose  and  sore   throat . Lifes a bastard.
Woke up with a  sore   throat  & a  runny   nose  like why???
My body feels exhausted, my  throat  is  sore , and my  nose  is now  runny . The whole office is catching these hands
Weakness. Blackouts.  Fever . Soar  throat .  Runny   nose . What am I inviting tomorrow? 
nose  hella  runny  i keep  sneezing     https:// twitter.com/cnaaastyy/stat us/927954412231827456  
This weather + my  throat  hurting + my cold office +  runny   nose  is calling for a warm cup of soup for lunch. But I DON'T HAVE SOUP NOOOOO
Chesty cough,  runny   nose , banging  headache . yep. It's winter
Flu  symptoms can include  fever ,  headache , muscle pain,  runny   nose ,  sore   throat , extreme tiredness & cough  http://www. vch.ca/public-health/ communicable-diseases-immunizations/flu-shots-flu-clinics    #FluFact pic.twitter.com/DMUav4q0o0
Shared soup w/ Marisol while she was sick yesterday & now Im sick..  Sore   throat ,  runny   nose ,  sneezing  every 10 min.. FML.
a cold. Hopefully were at the tail end its been since Friday. Cough, congestion,  runny   nose , low  fever
when u dont know if ur  runny   nose  &  sneezing  is allergies or the beginning of a cold so u take zyrtec and dayquil and now u feel high...ok
4 Seasonal Allergy Relief Solutions to Treat  Sneezing ,  Coughing , and  Runny   Nose   Which One Works?!  http:// naturalfloridaallergyrelief.com/index.php/4-se asonal-allergy-relief-solutions-to-treat-sneezing-coughing-and-runny-nose/  
Sneezing , stuffy  nose ,  runny   nose , and slight drowsiness... Still, no regrets in participating in the #WelfareFoodChallenge2017 .
my  throat  hurts and my  nose  is  runny ...I just want to be my fav drink
Runny   nose , scratchy  throat .....ughhh.
Whats your favorite part of a cold? -watery eyes - runny   nose  -2hrs nonstop  coughing  that no amt of syrup/booze/pleading will make it stop?
Sore   throat   runny   nose  i just want my bf 
It starts with  sore   throat ,  runny   nose  and then cough ;') couldn't even focus on studying helpppppooo
Im like all around sick rn I got a  sore   throat , stomach ache, and my  nose  is  runny
Woke up with  runny   nose  and  sore   throat ... drank 2 hot lemon spice tea with honey and ginger and now I am 75%better
Cetzine.  Runny   nose  and patchy  throat  right b4 2 long meetings tomm. Thanks for nothing Starbucks. Pls sanitise + clean cutlery better
Throat  hurts,  runny   nose ,  headache , and I feel cold af
I hope this  sore   throat  &  runny   nose  is a temporary situation cause being sick isnt an option 
ah i still have a  runny   nose  and with all the crying, its gotten worse bc im having a  headache ..
I have the yuck.  Sore   throat ,  runny   nose , slightly feverish. Do I need alkaline water or electrolyte water?
Coughing .  Headache . Stuffy and  runny   nose . Curse you #flushot  
Nose   runny  ..  throat  hurting .. please please let me fight this off before it get worse I hate being sick 
The last time I was  runny   nose  &  coughing  sick was in January and it took me 2 weeks to get over it so?? No thanks????
Sneezing  fit,  runny   nose  happening at 7am this morning,  flu  shot? Did you get 1 yet?  pic.twitter.com/K49GqtQyjV
this  flu  really fucking with my head its not even that much of a  runny   nose  but  fatigue  is a bitch when u have deadlines
Watery eyes, red  runny   nose , cough and  fever ... haaay naku anak.   pagaling kana ha.
Headache  + cough +  runny   nose  
runny   nose  and  headache  bitch im slowly dying
May gani nawala ang labad sa ulo paghuman og tulog hahahahaa soar  throat  nalang jud and  runny   nose  huhuhu
started with a simple  headache  then frequent  sneezing  then  headache + runny   nose  then not feeling well then surprise  fever  for three days
fili was at the door with frodo in his arms, he was kinda pale and had a  runny   nose ,  coughing  and  sneezing . Fili looked at you worried--
yesterday I left work early due to illness. Came home slept 10+ hrs. I feel better still  coughing  &  runny   nose  but I feel like I have energy
Runny   nose  and a  sore   throat , worst combo. 
I think I need to rub myself up with Vicks and go back to sleep. This here  headache ,  runny   nose  and itchy  throat  aint the one 
Perfect combo;  headache ,  runny   nose  and  fever . My voice sounds like a wheezing penguin lol
it all started with just a  sore   throat , and now I keep  sneezing  & having  runny   nose  uwuwu
I think I'm getting sick. Apparently my cheeks look like their burning up.  A  runny   nose ...and weird  throat .  Oh Gosh life yo suck.
runny   nose  and my  headache  suxx
shit though def dont only have a  sore   throat  my  nose  is  runny  and i've sneezed a few times laaaaaaaame
I'm feeling a little better today. Not  coughing  as much and the  runny   nose  has stopped. Lungs starting to clear finally too. 
Pakiramdam ko lalagnatin ako.  Runny   nose , heavy eyelids,  sore   throat , head ache. Awts. 
Nothing is worse then a  sore   throat  and stuffy/ runny   nose  
sore   throat ,  runny   nose , red flag, and  headache , whut now 
Runny   nose  cause of  fever , but Im still eating Takis
Sick... Body aches...  Flu ,  runny   nose  and  sore ,itchy  throat ...
Cluster headaches, swollen  throat , chest pain.  I'm sorry your  runny   nose  sucks.
headache + runny   nose =hell.
omg im legit getting so sick im  coughing  like crazy, i have a  runny   nose  and im losing my voice someone pls help
I've coughed my voice out. Does that make sense??  Basically I've lost my voice. My  throat  is  sore  and I have a blocked/ runny   nose !!
I hate when my  nose  is  runny  and I keep sniffling because then I get a mean ass  headache  
my  throat  is so  sore  and my  nose  is a combination of  stuffed  and  runny . like ughhhhh!
tatrangkasuhin pa yata ako.. runny   nose ,  sore   throat  
Ears hurt,  throat   sore ,  nose  stuffy then  runny . I KEEP FUCKING  SNEEZING !!
I will never take for granted another millisecond when I don't have a  runny   nose  or  sore   throat . What was life like before this?
Me catching the  flu  was tough enough. Now Ryder slightly has a  runny   nose  and cough. Noooo 
Day 49: "My hooman has been in bed  coughing  and  runny   nose  all day.  https://www. instagram.com/p/BbLHPRRlGw_m WbH7kGUTw_-5djZEGkGfE2oL5Q0/  
Fever  +  runny   nose  +  sore   throat  
Chapped lips,  runny   nose  and  sore   throat . I guess Im a little bit ill. Gotta say timing isnt great 
Most people with Nasal Polyps have  runny   nose ,  sneezing , and postnasal drip.
Pulled a  sneezing  face ready for it to happen next minute false alarm  Now I have a  runny   nose .
Headache  and  runny   nose  . What a complete set . Haih I just want to sleep.
Im dying. Everything hurts. I hate being sick      runny /blocked  nose  + cough +  sore   throat  +  fever  + teary eyes  Patayen niyo nalang ako
Scratchy  throat  &  runny   nose  Where the boughs rain when it blows. #ugh
Never been this sick in years.... I feel like absolute shit. Really bad  sore   throat  and  runny   nose  along with a really bad  headache .
Scratchy  throat  &  runny   nose  #ugh
here i am 4 in the morning with a swollen left foot , lower back injured , brusing on ribcage , stiff neck ,  fever  ,  runny   nose  and cough :)
Either strep or the  Flu  My  throat  is killing me but also my body hurts and I have a  runny   nose
Fever ,  runny   nose ,  coughing ,  sneezing ,  headache . After this doctors visit you can find my ass in bed for the rest of the day.
I can deal w/ a  headache , a  sore   throat  or a stuffy/ runny   nose , but I can NOT deal w/ stomach bugs. I swear I become the biggest baby.
I feel like shit  runny   nose  and fucking  sore   throat  fml
Runny   nose , cant stop  sneezing . I REALLY dont want to get sick. Please! Send help
My schools AC broke and Im sick rn so Im sitting here dying in heat with a fucking  headache  and a  runny   nose  BTICH
Yeah shes had a  runny   nose , cough,  fever  and just fussy, her  throat  when she fusss sounds hoarse. The ER said its a virus going around.
Jen: "Don't kiss me, my  throat  is scratchy.  Nose  is  runny ."  Me: "palms sweaty?  Knees weak, arms heavy? "
I feel so bad Leos  nose  is all  runny  cause hes been  sneezing  so much
# NasalPolyps  symptoms: #nasalobstruction , #nasalcongestion ,  sneezing , postnasal drip,  runny   nose , facial pain, chronic infections.
I decided to get off all of my allergy medications... day 3 and guess what? I don't have a  runny   nose  nor am I congested.... I do have a slight  headache , but that's it... not bad...
She got a  runny   nose , I don't think that it's the  flu .
Runny   nose ,  headache ,  sneezing   ,I smell sickness 
i could deal with the  sore   throat  and  runny   nose  but it's the achy body that fucks me up when i'm sick
Started as a  sore   throat , then sinus congestion then, now,  runny   nose . Its been a week.
Runny   nose , watery eyes,  sneezing ,  coughing . Awesome Monday
Does everybody else have a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose  right now too or no?
stuffy  nose  but its  runny  sometimes smh and  coughing  that causes my head to hurt yup gotta love being sick
Itchy  throat  and a  runny   nose  . Exactly what I need 
I think Ayden has his first cold..  he has a  runny   nose  &  sneezing  and Im pretty sure I have one too my  throat  has been hurting
Tried Hay  Fever  Oil -  sneezing ,  runny   nose  & eyes went immediately #soulecting  #naturopathy  @HomeCuresisbest   http:// bit.ly/1XCkYTx 
I go to California and I end up with a  runny   nose , a swollen eye, a  sore   throat  and cant stop  sneezing
Heart burn /  runny   nose  /  coughing  /  sneezing  #HappyMonday
Scratchy  throat .  Runny   nose . Mom's spaghetti. Not sure if con sick or just canada sick going from 20s to 0s (that's C for btw).
Dont need the welcome to Oklahoma sign to tell me Im back. The  sore   throat  and  runny   nose  hit every time.  pic.twitter.com/sd9gHD4Z20
Good Morning!! I may have a  runny   nose  and  coughing , but Dear God I'm here!!!  #OldSchool1053   https://www. instagram.com/p/BbKJdOxhhsd/ 
When you have  runny   nose ,  sore   throat  or  flu , Do Not take antibiotics.  http:// fb.me/DeY0bjks 
it is that time again where i have a  runny   nose , keep  coughing  and im full of phlegm ew 
Woke up with a  sore   throat  and a  runny   nose    happy Monday
My  nose  is  runny  and my  throat  is scratchy
magkakasakit pa ata akoooo    sore   throat  +  runny   nose  
runny   nose , sore   throat  and migraine  GREAT
Runny   Nose , Colds, Cough,  Headache  
Do you have a cough,  fever ,  runny   nose  or congestion? If you have any of these symptoms, you may have a upper respiratory infection.
shit my  runny   nose  and  sore   throat  is getting worse till everytime I sneeze i cry HAHA dont make things hard,i want go penang w good health
Waking up with a  headache ,  runny   nose , stuffy  nose ,  sore   throat , and cough that sounds like Im communicating with my dog.
Have woken up to a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose  the day of my interview 
Tried Hay  Fever  Oil -  sneezing ,  runny   nose  & eyes went immediately #soulecting  #naturopathy  @HomeCuresisbest   http:// bit.ly/1XCkYTx 
I can live with constant  sneezing , a  runny   nose  and a  sore   throat ... But not being able to talk is the worst punishment    #sickofthis
She got a  runny   nose , I don't think that it's the  flu
It's my day off, why am I up at 8? Oh and what's this as well? A  runny   nose  and  sore   throat . Excellent start to a day off.
So cold this morning and I am coming down with a  runny   nose  and  sore   throat . Not to be dramatic but I DONT NEED THIS IN MY LIFE
She has  runny   nose  and lots of eye boogers but thankfully no  fever . Probably allergies
Brooooooo! I have a cold!  Runny   nose , keep fucking  sneezing ! Coo
I hate being sick, I hate having a  runny   nose  and a  sore   throat  I hate it!!!!
I never get sick.. like ever! Yet I've been  sneezing  with a  runny   nose  all day WTF Yo!
i mean, my  throat  gets really itchy and my eyes start running and my  nose  is  runny , so i think? but it's not like, life threatening -
Oh no I think Im getting sick  throat  hurts and  runny   nose  
My sinuses never use to be this bad. This  headache ,  sneezing  and  runny   nose  
Nonstop  coughing ,  sneezing , having a  runny   nose  and a 101.2  fever . THEN my awesome brother tops it off. I'll try to silent my death brother.  pic.twitter.com/JdnVApJbwY
my  nose  has been so stuffy and  runny  and ive been  sneezing  non stop pls send help
It's that time of year again... sneezing , scratchy  throat ,  runny   nose , cough, cough... I have posted this before,...  http:// fb.me/8ZS9ivK4i 
Cough and colds. Pero dry cough and super  runny   nose . Kept waking up in my sleep from  coughing . Feeling kinda feverish but no  fever  naman.
  I have a cold. I have a stuffy  nose . I have a  runny   nose . I can't stop  coughing .
my lack of sleep and work loads finally hitting on me...i keep  sneezing  and my  runny   nose   #__6  !!!
My stages of the  flu : Fizzy  headache  Dizziness Violent  sneezing   Runny   nose  Praying for death Even more violent  sneezing  Praying for sleep
dysmenorrhea +  fever  +  runny   nose  = pota kill me
I'm getting a cough right now I hope it's not the  flu  I got a  runny   nose  my chest hurts right now everybody it not the  flu
Runny   nose ,  sore   throat . 
Runny   nose  & a  headache  
she got a  runny   nose , i don't think that it's the  flu
Sore   throat ,  runny   nose  and chills. I have too much going on the next few weeks to be sick. Candlelight slow jams and hot bubble bath it is.
starting my day with a darn  headache  &  runny   nose    hi, second sem 
Thanks for that note of optimism!  Jings: 8 days? I will go off my head with this  runny   nose  by then! At least the  sneezing s almost over.
Fed up of this stupid cold now. Good way to get rid of a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose ???
Woke up with my  throat  hurting, and a  runny   nose ...now the body aches are kicking in 
sore   throat  and  runny   nose  is not ideal right now, no time for that this week 
Throat  hurts,  runny   nose , cold house... gonna make wassail.
Yes! Diarrhea,  fever ,  runny   nose    had that for months with my son
Do I have a cold or  flu ? Painful  throat ,  runny /blocked  nose , constant  headache , hoarse strained voice   
Just think of it like an illness. So your PVs are all of your symptoms, like a  fever ,  flu ,  sore   throat ,  runny /stuffy  nose  etc. You will then
If the  sneezing  and  coughing  and  runny   nose  would stop, I will be forever thankful.
1 week ago:  sore   throat ,  runny   nose  Today: cold sweats, migraine, physically exhausted Never had an illness like this. It's been awful.
Sore   throat   Congestion  Runny   nose   It's the most wonderful time of the year  pic.twitter.com/NF37VTBvqO
I look so damn ugly with tears running down my cheeks,  runny   nose  and  sneezing  every 5 minutes. Damn  flu !
And I thought I could get through this cold without a  stuffed / runny   nose    #fse  but not really it sucks
Ngl but I find firework night so overrated....stand in the cold with a  runny   nose  and a  headache ??? Naaaa Im alright!
Arinac helps with  runny   nose  and  headache . Or you can always go for    
sex and the city marathon on this lovely cloudy sunday morning with my  runny   nose  and  sore   throat  u can say im living my best life
Life is weird when youve only gotten 4 hrs of sleep ( coughing  and  runny   nose ).
Managed to have a conversation with my mum and  throat  better but still  runny   nose  (boo)
Im sooooo sick ,  runny   nose  and  sore   throat  my voice is halfway gone 
Woke up with a  runny   nose  & a  sore   throat  
Woke up with a  sore   throat  And a  runny   nose . Fuck
sore   throat  +  runny   nose  + cough = 
Got some  fever ,  runny   nose , and a chesty cough. 
My whole body hurts, I have a  headache , my  nose  is  runny .. basically Im sick af and still have to go into work  
I just realized when I got back from pahang in Malaysia just for a day trip I had a terrible cough,  sore   throat ,  runny   nose  and diarrhea.
I woke up with a  sore   throat  and a  runny   nose . 
i keep  sneezing , i hate having  runny   nose  asdgha ( )
If someone could bring me some cough drops or medicine for a  sore   throat , cough &  runny   nose , that would be excellent & greatly appreciated
[ im fine aaa, just a little  headache  and  runny   nose ,,
how to i get rid of a sinus  headache  and  runny   nose ? i poured a shit ton of salt water in my  nose  i cant take it anymore SAVE ME
Oh no...  sore   throat ,  runny   nose , belly ache. I CANT GET SICK. 
sore   throat .  runny   nose .  headache . I guess I have a cold.
Runny   nose  is pretty much better,  fever  is gone, ears are a work in progress...
Down with  flu ,  runny   nose  and body pains. I think humans are so intimidated by the simplest of maladies (or notion). #amwriting  #fever
Runny   nose  +  sore   throat  + colds = @__@
Runny   nose , dry AF  coughing , Sores all over my body, splitting  headache , nausea,  fatigue , dizzines, Hot body temperature.   Yeah, im fine.
Moved into next stage the  coughing  and  runny   nose . Is this thing over with yet. Woke up to a  headache  due to the  coughing .  pic.twitter.com/9tM9RqLSK6
Cold has suddenly hit me    sore   throat  and  runny   nose . Ah well better steam myself in the shower
I went out last night and of courseeeeee I end up sick    sore   throat  and  runny  af  nose  
uggggggg tfw sudden headaches,  sore   throat  and  runny   nose  wtf body pls no
@ Robitussin  I bought your cough and chest congestion syrup and ended up with a  runny   nose , still  coughing . Wtf is up with that???
there are bees in my mouth that made my  nose   stuffed  n  runny
I know me too  her allergies are acting up .  Runny   nose   sneezing   coughing  watery eyes etc
fever , chills, muscle aches, cough,  runny   nose , headaches. So yah imma die later. Smh
Sore   throat  and  runny   nose . It's too late in the year for a cold right?
Yep, and  fever , butt rash. My 1st born only had  runny   nose , my 2nd born is teething and hes sooo cranky, diarrhea, and cold symptoms :(
Hay  Fever  Symptoms   Runny   nose   Itchy eyes, mouth or skin   Sneezing   Stuffy  nose  due to blockage or congestion   Fatigue
Feeling so  stuffed  up I heard another backpacker saying he has had a  runny   nose  all day and  nose  pain
Runny   nose  , can't breathe &  sneezing  my ass off   #MySaturdayNight  
This hoe think shes gonna die because she has a  runny   nose  and a  sore   throat  @gledibr  
Sore   throat  &  runny   nose , yup winter is coming
Head congestion,  runny   nose ,  sneezing , irritated  throat .
No  fever  or  runny   nose . Just  coughing  green shit out of my mouth.
Hey you could have a  sore   throat  and a  runny   nose
When I  thought I  wasnt sick anymore than BAM outta nowhere Im back  sneezing  w/  runny   nose  and  sore   throat . Wtf? 
Soon as I come around a person thats  coughing  or got a  runny   nose  thats my sign to walk away.. I refuse to get sick
she got a  runny   nose  i don't think that it's the  flu
Soar  throat ,  runny   nose , cough, head ache, what else?
Hwek. This  flu ,  sore   throat  and  runny   nose  won't give up on me or what-- i'm beated []
Im  coughing , my eyes hurt, I have a  runny   nose  and my chest is acting up. Who did I wicked please?
I have a fucking cold,  runny   nose , and a  headache  I can't
My sinuses are going haywire! Sneezing , blocked  runny   nose , itchy, teary eyes. And a pending  headache
I have a  sore   throat  and my  nose  is blocked &  runny  at the same time.
I kept  sneezing  w/ a  runny   nose , and was feeling congested. My boyfriend diagnosed me w/ "the suds." Like from Spongebob...
Scratchy  throat  and  runny   nose  UgggHhhgggHhh
Hay  fever , itchy eyes,  runny   nose . No matter what your allergy needs are, weve got what you need for relief.  https:// buff.ly/2yoh50t  pic.twitter.com/URyHsmpP2Z
Taking Airborne tablets. I think the change in weather is getting me sick. Scratchy  throat  and  runny   nose . Please, not when I travel.  pic.twitter.com/JR3QYIVEjK
|| Headache , stuffy/ runny   nose ,  coughing ,  sore   throat , stomach hurt, feel like I have no sleep.  And I have to go to work at 4pm EST.
Runny   nose + headache , what a great
Im so tired and my  throat  still hurts and my  nose  is  runny . Then I had some soup and now its running more   WHY.
runny   nose ,  headache  and  sore  eye!! let me rest
Woke up sick af ,  sore   throat ,  runny   nose  and I got a cold 
Sore   throat , runny   nose  and ear ache all before I leave to Japan tomorrow. Yayyy
puffy eyes,  runny   nose , dry  throat  and one hell of a headache  nice
That is so weird. Im on the other side  n Ive had this chest infection for a month. Everyones got bronchiolitis.  Runny   nose   sore   throat
FIRST OF ALL they didn't believe me when I said I'm sick even tho my fuckingg  nose  is  runny , I keep  sneezing / coughing , my eyes are watery
Not to be dramatic or anything but I always need to go buy NyQuil SEVERE whenever I have a  sore   throat / runny   nose
Headache .  Runny   nose .  Flu  is real.
Yesterday was a  runny   nose  and a cough today is like... malaise and a super dry  throat  THEY DONT LET US HAVE WATER ON THE FLOOR
cough,  fever , chills, aches,  runny /stuffy  nose , loss of appetite. That's all  influenza , right?
Runny   nose , cant stop  sneezing ,  sore   throat ! Beware those sat around me tomorrow! Probably turn out to me the worse of all colds! #manflu
SUDDENLY MY  NOSE  ISNT  RUNNY  AND MY MIND IS FREE FROM  HEADACHE   https:// twitter.com/uItjunhaos/sta tus/926797171084599297  
Laying in bed with a  headache  and  runny   nose  is not how I wanna spend my Saturday 
On the third day of #NaNoWriMo , my toddler son gave to me... a stuffy,  runny   nose , clogged up ears, and a  sore   throat  in need of tea!
because i have a  fever  at this moment, i guess. and a  runny   nose  too. a  sore   throat . watery eyes. a complete set, even. but thanks, bro..
This ol girls crampy,  breaky, what the heck,  headache  and  runny   nose , but here she goes. Peace and C the good @corriesacdalan  @jazzylert
Brought a Bug home from the trip,  coughing ,  runny   nose , heavy chest on meds but need to do the flea market today so SUCK IT UP Sunshine !!  pic.twitter.com/vBtCXkc1yL
Itchy  throat  =  runny   nose  soon.
When you were worried about getting a  runny   nose  and  sore   throat  but that's child's play to the curse that's upon us #LordSendYourSpirit
Runny   nose     sore   throat  one hour into an 8hour shift 
Runny   nose  and a  sore   throat .. lovely one
# Health  #tip  : Every year I have to say this: the  flu  vaccine has nothing...I repeat NOTHING to do with getting a cold. A  flu  is NOT a cold. It causes  fever  and aches and sometimes a killer pneumonia...it does NOT cause a  runny   nose ! Get the  flu  shot!
Runny   nose  and  sneezing  like crazy. Oh how fun it is to be sick 
This time of the year is the worst in the ER  you got people coming in@2 am for  sore   throat / runny   nose . Im sorry but is that an emergency
I gave myself a  headache  and a  runny   nose  from crying so much, and now I'm having trouble falling asleep...
Captain's Log:12:35am CST The exact time  runny   nose , chills and  sore   throat  descended upon me. #NowIsNOTTheTimeToBeSick  #Dangit
  I have a cold. I have a stuffy  nose . I have a  runny   nose . I can't stop  coughing .
I think Im getting sick. Non stop  sneezing ,  sore   throat ,  runny   nose ... its either allergies and talking to much or sickness. :| merp!!!!!  pic.twitter.com/BJVNjgL8pc
October 30: I feel perfectly fine  November 3: Head hurts,  sore   throat , dizzy,  runny   nose  
Nose  still  runny , but my chest feels better and not  coughing  anymore. Should be good to go tomorrow, and no concert! Whole day with buds
runny   nose , sinus congestion and  headache .   #FML  #sickypoo
This would have sucked if my  nose  was  runny  etc but I just had  fever  for two days and then i've been lying in bed rest of the week
I hated being sick but at least I had  fever  just for two days and I don't have  sore   throat , cough or  runny   nose  
Most people with #Nasal  #Polyps  have  runny   nose ,  sneezing , and postnasal drip.
This  headache ,  runny   nose  and  sore   throat  better go away 
Been  sneezing , tearing up and having a  runny   nose  all day, I feel like i'm going down with something
Harry weekend has officially caught up on me, I have a migraine, ear ache, spots,  sore   throat  AND  runny   nose  I knew this was coming
I keep  sneezing  and I have a  runny   nose  for a couple of hours. Guess I'm having a cold. Fuck 
so you weren't miming then ? You must be relieved it was just your  throat  and not a  runny   nose ...or even worse, a nasty cough
My mom took my dog to the vet because he had a  runny   nose  and they told her he had the  flu . I didn't even know that could happen 
Woke up fine today, 8 hours later I have a  headache ,  sore   throat  and starting to get a  runny   nose  #rip
# NasalPolyps  symptoms: #nasalobstruction , #nasalcongestion ,  sneezing , postnasal drip,  runny   nose , facial pain, chronic infections.
Two minutes after I get the  flu  shot my ass gets a  runny   nose  smhhhh
My sleep is here but my feet are frozen asf, also my  nose  is  runny , terrible  headache . Whoa! 
he got a  runny   nose , i don't think that it's the  flu
So the  fever  rise again. And I barely breath bc of my  runny   nose . My meds kicking out so I will rest right now. Bye..
Im not sure how Aleeya manages to bring home a sickness every week, but Im deathly ill again. This time, however, my  throat  hurts and is swollen, and my  nose  is  runny . Thats about it.
She got a  runny   nose , dont think that its the  flu .
Sore   throat ,  runny   nose , swollen lymph nodes, etc... & these guys won't leave my side.   #purrtherapy  #keepingmecompany  #myfurrycaretakers pic.twitter.com/7U3h8GwKcU
Ihh. Sorry na. D ako Makahinga ng Maayos. Having  runny   nose  +  Headache  + Dizziness.
Coughing  attacks,  sneezing ,  runny   nose , eyes watering & no appetite all week. So naturally Im gonna drink a bottle of wine tonight
4 Seasonal Allergy Relief Solutions to Treat  Sneezing ,  Coughing , and  Runny   Nose   Which One Works?!  http:// naturalfloridaallergyrelief.com/index.php/4-se asonal-allergy-relief-solutions-to-treat-sneezing-coughing-and-runny-nose/  
Aww Lai had a  runny   nose  yesterday now I got a  sore   throat !   I hope she feels better!!!
im sick as fuck with a  sore   throat , bad cough &  headache ,  runny /stuffy  nose ...this is not how i want to spend friday smh
Measlescauses  fever , rash, cough,  runny   nose , and red, watery eyes. Complications can include ear infection....  https://www. cdc.gov/vaccinesafety/ vaccines/mmr-vaccine.html  
Day 4 of a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose  
Well damn...woke up at 2 a.m. with scratchy  throat ,  headache , sniffles,  runny   nose . Running a low grade  fever  and...  http:// fb.me/6M8hhGz4g 
Hate having a cold man..  runny   nose .. cant taste fucking anything..  sneezing  constantly.  Peak.
@ my body I really don't need this  runny   nose / sore   throat  combo pls stop
Painting walls when you can't stop  sneezing  / have a  runny   nose  & eyes is the worst okay thanks bye
Stuffed   nose ,  runny   nose , am officially catch a cold 
Scratchy  Throat ,  Runny   Nose  and "Dry Cough". It could be due to the weather!...  http:// fb.me/41G5yBKtl 
My  throat  feels a bit better but Im going to drink a bit of tea to help. Mainly my  nose  is still  runny  and Im tired.
I got sick out of nowhere,  sore   throat ,  headache ,  runny / stuffed   nose , cough. I want to die
Whew I have a  headache  and a  runny   nose !
She's got a  runny   nose  I don't think that it's the  flu  
i really have the worst case of colds hdksjfksjf i keep  sneezing  & my  nose  is super  runny  rawr
I had a small cold 2 weeks ago , this week I lost my voice & got strep feat.  fever  of 103, & I just woke up to be congested w a  runny   nose .
LOL idk how long I'll be sick.  Throat  isn't  sore  anymore, just feels swollen? My ears feel clogged up, and a  runny   nose  
Plague day 5:  It appears the worst may be over. Downgraded to a  runny   nose , general congestion & a tickle in my  throat .  Feeling positive.
One solution for  allergies and symptoms of  sneezing , itching, watery eyes, and  runny   nose .  Buy now :  http:// bit.ly/2y11nby  pic.twitter.com/jQxPYa452L
Headache  .  Runny   nose  . No energy . 
idc abt  runny   nose  at all but w/  sore   throat ? its the worst
Ive got a  runny   nose .  Must be the  flu .  HOW IS THAT STEREOTYPICAL DAMMIT!  Ps. I think Im dying. Strike that. I AM dying.  Me(n)
A  runny   nose ,  sore   throat  and cough  ...
I'll be off for a while to eat ramyun with mom. Hopefully it'll cast off my  sore   throat  and  runny   nose  lolol.
Sneezing  +  runny   nose  
runny   nose  + cough +  headache  + body ache = 
I have a  runny   nose , I keep  sneezing , and my head yeah hurts now. 
I KNEW I WAS GONNA BE SICK I THOUGHT I WOULD BE DOWN WITH JUST A  FEVER  BUT NONO I MUST HAVE A  RUNNY   NOSE  ALONG WITH THE  FEVER
Reasons I think Im getting sick: 1.  Runny   nose  2. Cant stop  sneezing / coughing   3. Watering eyes  4. Took a nap at 6pm and just woke up ..
my  sore   throat ,  runny   nose ,  headache  and nausea beg to differ
I still have  headache ,  sore   throat  and  runny   nose , but it's almost ok...
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday:  sore   throat  and stuffy  nose . Thursday: Ive moved onto  sneezing , plugged ears and a  runny   nose .
i'd rather have explosive diarrhea then a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose
why does today seem so hazy, ive been having a constant  runny   nose  since the morning and i cant stop  sneezing
So the  runny   nose  is subsiding but now the  sore   throat  and  coughing  is starting. love my life
headache ? go take hot bath.   runny   nose ? go take a hot bath back pain? go take a hot bath broken heart? you guessed it....go take a hot bath
I could deal with a  runny   nose  and  headache  but my  throat  hurts too :(
Having a  fever ,  headache  and a  runny   nose  in a stuffy room aint pretty
And here goes the  sore   throat  and  runny   nose  
Runny   nose  +  sore   throat  +  fever  . Ngammmm . Alhamdulillah mujur ada pamoga muahahahahaha kbai
Bye  sore   throat .... Welcome  runny   nose  
Getting down with a  runny   nose  and high  fever  is so uncool 
So my  throat  is completely fine but now I have a  runny - stuffed   nose  and its so annoying 
my  throat  hurts and my  nose  is  runny ...I just want to be long but Im so proud of them!!!!
Thought I was getting better since I don't have  fever  anymore but I guess today is  runny   nose  day 
Anyway, good morning! Guess what, my  fever  is gone now I'm happy but I still got  runny   nose .  pic.twitter.com/FMTaTORSSt
She got a  runny   nose  I dont think its the  flu
Q2. #ShoppersFlu  The  flu  you usually get chills,  fever , vomiting and bathroom trips. With a cold it is  sore   throat , cough and  runny   nose .
Isn't the  flu   fever  and body chills and aches and the cold is just  stuffed  up or  runny   nose  and cough #ShoppersFlu
well that back fired and now i have a  sore   throat  plus stuffy and  runny   nose  
*at the clinic w meg*  " sore   throat ?  coughing ? congested?  runny   nose ? do you play basketball?"   ......"sorry I had to ask, y'all are tall"
Messed up #Vswitch ... Lost Esxi access.. Soar  throat / runny   nose .. Netmiko upset.. VyOS confused #! /usr/bin/expect..
I've a  runny   nose  and slight  headache  also I might have a bad  throat  by morning so I hope I wake up dead
An ear infection, chest infection,  runny   nose  and now a  sore   throat , nice...
Sore   throat   mild  fever   bad cough   runny   nose    #staystrong   #keepstressaway  #keepitup  #farahboleh
i think! like  stuffed / runny   nose , congestion, i'm running warm & v sweaty, achy all over
Love #Oscillo  for flu-like symptoms? Then you'll love Coldcalm for  sneezing ,  runny   nose  & minor  sore   throat .  http:// bit.ly/241tRJw  pic.twitter.com/TRdEwO3NNf
sore   throat ,  runny   nose . yay
omaigad my face feel terrible w/ this  runny   nose  and  sore   throat
Whenever i get sick i dont get a  runny   nose  or cough, i just get delirious and a  sore   throat  smh
I woke up with a  runny   nose ,  headache , and my eyes are starting to hurt, these are the signs of winter approaching 
That explains my  headache . stuffiness.  runny   nose . Be sure to talk about this @komuTim https:// twitter.com/RosieNewberry/ status/926100342164656129  
i cant tell if im sick or not, my  throat  kinda hurts, im  coughing  a bit, and i have a  runny   nose . ;;
Runny   nose   sore   throat  slight  fever  and my vagina crying blood fml 
Runny   nose  with a shitty  throat  
high  fever , chills,  runny   nose ,  headache    make it stop i just wanted to sleep 
That time of the year again...that annoying cough, soar  throat  and stuffy and  runny   nose  ughh    https://www. instagram.com/p/Ba_qz8CnioM/ 
Allergies.  Sneezing ,  runny   nose , itchy eyes 
The worst thing about having a cold, is not the  sneezing , not the  runny   nose , but the aching sensation in your eye sockets.
Throbbing utak and  runny   nose . Aching tonsils and high  fever  plus Hyperacidity.   Sabi ko gusto ko madeds pero sana may choice ako kung pano
If you have kids,...you know tis the season for colds and  flu ...and  runny   nose  and fussy!!!. Those germs live on...  http:// fb.me/2ik4aQpQz 
this weather is killing me , woke up with a drug  throat  , watery eyes , and a  runny   nose  . 
Fever  +  runny   nose  + all alone = ang saya 
Runny   nose ,  sneezing ,  coughing ,  sore   throat  and it won't get better? It could be mold in your home:  http:// goo.gl/HrQwha 
Heaty eyes,  runny   nose  &  sore   throat  standby.......
Seriously you have had a  stuffed  up/  runny   nose , been  sneezing  for at least 3 days... either take some medicine or stay home! #VitaminC
Oh now I know why my  throat  is  sore : my  nose  is  runny ! Oh this makes so much sense now
Mild  Fever  +   Sore   Throat  +  Flu  &  Runny   Nose  = Ain't a good combo but thank goodness i'm on leave from work these few days 
Stuffed   nose ,  runny   nose .
Itchy  throat  and  runny   nose ....is what I get for cleaning the house..with a vacuum cleaner 
I got sick yesterday and 2 people at there have a stomach bug   I just have a  runny   nose  but my head hurts from  sneezing  so damn much 
Yep I'm exactly the same and I get that eating related  runny   nose  and sometimes  sneezing  too.
Sneezing , itchy, watery eyes, and  runny   nose    Pagkapait. 
Great, my  throat  hurts, i have a  runny   nose  I need to stop this before it gets worse
This  sore   throat  and  runny   nose  will be the death of me 
hate this  runny   nose  feeling w/  sore   throat    guess who's sick wth
hahahhahahahaha just woke up to a  sore   throat  and  runny   nose  but it ain't gon stop me :)))))))
Went to bed with chills and nausea. Woke up with  runny   nose  and  sore   throat  as well. Miserable but don't wanna call in. Only my 1st week >.<
Shes got a  runny   nose , I dont think that its the  flu
I'm sick, got a  runny   nose  and my  throat  hurts...
The  flu  doesn't always come with cold symptoms like  runny   nose  and  sneezing , and it doesn't creep on slowly the way a cold does
I woke up this morning with a  runny   nose / fever /body ache
Sneezing , congested,  runny   nose . Ah. Its that time of the year again. 
  I have a cold. I have a stuffy  nose . I have a  runny   nose . I can't stop  coughing .
Y'all ever get a  runny   nose  & feel like  sneezing  but y'all can't
the  flu , cough and  runny   nose  drug. im so wow my eyes blink blink now
wtf is up with the air in california i have NOT stopped  sneezing  since i got here and i either keep getting a blocked  nose  or a  runny   nose
I have a  runny   nose  and  sore   throat ... fuckk I know Ima start  coughing  soon 
I had a bad cough,  sore   throat , and  runny   nose  for 4 days.... it's all gone and now Carter has it 
Sick with a  runny   nose  and  sore   throat
The little girl is sick.  Runny   nose  and now  coughing  like crazy! First time magkasakit! Wag naman sana lagnatin. Kung kelan daming events!
Within the past week Ive had a  sore   throat ,  runny   nose , no voice, an ear infection & eye infection, and now Im vomiting. WHAT DID I DO?!
Itchy  throat  and  runny   nose  but heart says cookies and hot chocolate. What now?
The symptoms are:    runny   nose    nasal congestion   red, watery eyes    fever    cough
grabe sipon ko +  sore   throat  these days fig, tas ayun, sarap tulog ko kagabi and di na  runny   nose  pag gising ko and ok na lalamunan ko huhu
Tis the season of a  runny / stuffed  up  nose  24/7 
Raspy voice, cough,  runny   nose , low grade  fever ... cooooool 
My dog literally has the  flu  too like me.  Runny   nose ,  sneezing  and exhausted #flu  #flufighter  #exhausted
I have a  runny   nose  and sinuses draining down my  throat .   No  sore   throat  and Im trying to keep it that way using tea & cough medicine.
Suffering w/ a  sore   throat ,  runny   nose  and a cough.. Thank you to who ever thought it was a good idea to share their germs...#headcold
idk if im the only one. but sometimes I have a  runny   nose  and I sniff hard and then I feel something solid at the back of my  throat .
High  fever  + grabeng  runny   nose  + Duty na Later= Edi mamatay ta ani!     heal me papa God!  feeling sick
Pushing self to be a night-shift guy (because Kuya's working at night,  too) equals unli- sneezing  +  runny   nose .     -bunso
I'm not feeling great today, been  sneezing  a lot and got a  runny   nose , thought it was allergies but anti allergy meds didn't help.. >.<  pic.twitter.com/OaT6vYApcP
Runny   nose , tiredness/ fatigue , body aches,  headache ... it's official. I am sick. 
When you have a migraine,  runny   nose , scratchy  throat , but have to work. #suckitup pic.twitter.com/bne93RS2oy
woke up w my head throbbing,  nose   runny  &  throat   sore ... fck, lets get this airport shift over with 
i get the occasional dizziness,  runny   nose  like niagra falls, watery eyes, itchy  throat  and CONSTANT  sneezing  ALL AT ONCE
# Bonfires  are not great. Not for me. Itchy eyes,  runny   nose , incessant  sneezing , teary eyes, even after preemptive allergy medication. 
Im sick outta my mind rn my  throat  & whole body hurts, my  nose  is  runny , I just want Madara to make me soup & tell me Im gonna be ok
Man all this back to back  sneezing  and  runny   nose  aint wassup
no body understands the struggle of being sick  sneezing  and a  runny   nose  WHILE having a full face
Massive  headache ,  runny   nose  just feeling blah af 
The nasal spray #flu  vaccine for children, has very few side effects. The main one is getting a  runny   nose  after vaccination for a few days.  pic.twitter.com/o2AV2BCqn0
I just find it funny how after the first stupid snow fall I wake up to an even worse snow fall AND a  sore   throat /  runny   nose .  Coincidence? I think not.   #wintercutyourshit
Heavy head.  Runny   nose ,  sore   throat .
I have a  runny   nose  and a  headache .So I sleep earlier!!!
Runny   nose  +  sore   throat . Kinsa gyud nanakod nako ani ba.   @DAusteen  
Love #Oscillo  for flu-like symptoms? Then you'll love Coldcalm for  sneezing ,  runny   nose  & minor  sore   throat .  http:// bit.ly/241tRJw  pic.twitter.com/bfka67SdXs
Fever , throwing up,  coughing ,  runny   nose , red eyes, chills. I got it all. #stayawayfromme
What the heck am I being allergic to in Paris?  Runny   nose ,  sore   throat , feeling terrible-immediately stops with antihistamines.
haha I regret nothing.  Sneezing  and  coughing ,  runny   nose  and red puffy eyes are the price of a good time 
Coughing  and  Runny   Nose    Trying to catch this slight cold so it does not get any worse for my baby....  http:// fb.me/1wnKnUwch 
regular, mild cold.  Coughing ,  sneezing ,  runny   nose , maybe headaches. Opposite of the shit I had
it's such a weird kind of sick. not consistent. there's a  headache ,  runny   nose , stomachache, and  fatigue
Christ Almighty, I can do without dislocation in the cervical area. Give me a  runny   nose  instead of incessant  sneezing  please!
I'm okay  I have hay  fever . I have a  runny   nose  and itchy eyes  I'm taking  . I think that it will improve soon  You are kind
ugh a cold is coming on because i have a  runny   nose  and semi  sore   throat  lksjlsjds;j;adlk ears also blocked fmlll
Tried Hay  Fever  Oil -  sneezing ,  runny   nose  & eyes went immediately #soulecting  #naturopathy  @HomeCuresisbest   http:// bit.ly/1XCkYTx 
 like my  throat  is all scratchy ,  nose  all  runny , big ass  headache  .. im over it
Now that Thanksgiving is 3 weeks away, here comes the  sore   throat  and  runny   nose ! #ihatebeingsick
Im hungover, have the worst period pains, a  sore   throat  and a  runny   nose  and have to go to work for 7 hours!! Love life!!
I don't wanna work, lol, after a long night I'm getting a  runny   nose  and  headache . Maybe bed  https://www. instagram.com/p/Ba8sJNqHc6q/ 
Feeling shitty. Considering calling in... scratchy  throat ,  runny / stuffy  nose , awkward stomach... highly considering...
Runny  eyes and  nose ... no voice and a massive  headache    well hello winter... I am never ever sick   what happened whaaaat
Yay...no  fever  in the last few hours. Now just stuffy/ runny   nose . Also  headache  gone for now.  pic.twitter.com/o4LiDkx1Kc
I hoped to feel better instead Im Running a 102  fever , have strip  throat  which makes me keep on  coughing  & have watery eyes,  runny   nose  
I couldve caught either a  runny   nose  OR a  sore   throat , but guess what? I got both. 
My cold has progressed from  sore   throat  to  sneezing  and  runny   nose . I keep my Kleenexes closeby.
Mine was scratchy  throat  now its  runny   nose  and cough. Im trying to kill it with mucinex and emergen-c
gross// fuc my sinuses? fuc my sinuses!! (it's bc of them i i've had the blob in my  throat  For Days, even though i dont have any problems with  stuffed / runny   nose )
Sore   throat  out of no where and a  runny   nose  
WebMD:  Runny   nose ?  Sore   throat ? CANCER.
@ ShawnMendes   I have a  sore   throat  and have a  runny   nose  please give me medicine  ( Im not kidding Im actually super sick)  pic.twitter.com/uSHg8VeDK9
Most people with #NasalPolyps  have  runny   nose ,  sneezing , and postnasal drip.
If these chills are accompanied by a  fever  or a  runny   nose , we might want to dip into the medicine cabinet (Oh,THOSE CHILLS) Yep, got em too
at least i'm not  coughing (the worst!!!!! but my  throat  feels weird) it's just a  runny   nose  and headaches
I can't breathe and my  nose  is  runny  and my ears keep popping and my eyes hurt and I have a  headache  and I want to die 
Like getting grilled , barely breathing , blocked  runny   nose  , it feels like someone is squeezing your  throat  , I think I can breath fire
Love #Oscillo  for flu-like symptoms? Then you'll love Coldcalm for  sneezing ,  runny   nose  & minor  sore   throat .  http:// bit.ly/241tRJw  pic.twitter.com/RUtpDYUi6m
i cant stop  coughing  and my  nose  is sso  runny  help
i have a  headache  and my  nose  is  runny  pls dont be getting sick
I have a  runny   nose . I went to the hospital. I got an allergy medicine. I don't have a cold, but it might be hay  fever .
Im so sick its crazy idk wtf happened my  nose  is  runny   I cant stop  coughing  I have 2 hotpads on #sendhelp  #imdying
Sore   throat ,  runny   nose . I slept badly the last couple nights and Im sure that weakened my immune system that was flooded from #AWU17
Runny   nose  + cough +  headache  = I'm okay... Promise 
my  nose  is still  runny  since last night i dont know if its just  flu  or sinusitis 
Runny   nose  + cough +  headache  = I'm okay
Got the tunnel vision and my back and chest hurts lol , runny   nose  and  sore   throat
Runny   nose  Body ache  Headache   Ang sama. HUHUHUHU
# NasalPolyps  symptoms: #nasalobstruction , #nasalcongestion ,  sneezing , postnasal drip,  runny   nose , facial pain, chronic infections.
Iowa City nurse debunks  flu  shot myths KCRG IOWA CITY, Iowa (KCRG-TV9)  Runny   nose ,  sneezing  and  http:// dlvr.it/Pyblr4   #IowaCity  #Iowa
Runny   nose   Sore   throat  Head pressure Burning eyes ....fml
Stuffy,  runny   nose    my head hurts from the lack of oxygen. Cant breathe through my mouth coz my  throat  is dry & itchy.
